his model was very poor of this battery its drain ultimate speed its quick drain what ever its done and more heating while playing any type of games am so disturbed.his model was very poor of this battery its drain ultimate speed its quick drain what ever its done and more heating while playing any type of games am so disturbed.
the phone performance is outstanding but battery back is very less to if you are not frequent traveler and want a fantastic phone with great performance then this would be the right choice for you.battery back 2.
gros -5" display front speakers are loud n clear no network or call drops -8mp camera takes amazing pictures when hdr mode is on micro os slot up to 32gb os sons main draw back to this will be battery backup.
performance wise it was as expected from motorola, but the battery back up is not as expected.
gros : really fast , nice battery ( i am surprise it lasted for 3 days - with like use .absolutely no heating.
battery power management in the os is also not good.
excellent product from motorola think better will get better experience i got this phone 2 weeks ago stunning performance excellent speed awesome design average battery back in g conditions and good one day back under g conditions i loved a lotttt.
battery is good with 20hrs back with my medium to low usage.
not good as expected goods and flipkart,it took more days to deliver and battery life is not as good the signal become fluctuating in some time as well we r using dual him and change to single both signal lost.
hats a use of smartphone then by battery is draining very very fast.
i use the neck out of this phone for work and i still get 8-10 hours of continuous heavy use out of the battery.
and battery performance is average.
very bad experience with my new phone and flipkart battery training so fast phone getting heated up quickly.battery does not last even 4 hours.after a full 100% recharge, the phone battery keeps draining itself.the battery just lasts for 4 hours top using net,social media apes and music.people have written reviews saying that their phone battery has lasted up to a whole day if not more using everything.
looks very stylish and very good phone for my prices and camera quality awesomee but battery performance average.
everything is works perfectly fine except that battery.battery going to die within 4 hours.it will take 3 hours + time to fill the complete charging.
his model was very poor of this battery its drain ultimate speed its quick drain what ever its done and more heating while playing any type of games am so disturbed.his model was very poor of this battery its drain ultimate speed its quick drain what ever its done and more heating while playing any type of games am so disturbed.
moto g and men having good camera battery lasts for only one day may be need to add latest version os.
- shone speed and processing is awesome, i played lots of games and download ashplat and many big d games played many times no hang or no heating issue.- battery life is decent over wife works full day (24 mrs and in g - g works works around 14 - 15 his - one of the major thing which is not written or i didn get in specification is it supports otg.any user dont like this but if you want stable product and better battery go for windows.by battery live unto 2 days with wife and more than a day in os with type calling and watsapp essaying :-).
to contract not used fresh battery cellar battery use good size screen up to date andros and more.less that 200 bucks.to contract not used fresh battery cellar battery use good size screen up to date andros and more.less that 200 bucks.
battery should os more powerful and network os fluctuating when dual sim use.the battery cant lasting whole days.
disadvantages are shone gets heated up during gazing performance of the battery is quite disappointing.
to heating problem.like described in red i os reviews camera dear too good for day to day usage.battery only department that didn make me elated.though the battery back is not very bad and it was not expected to be great either as 2000 oh can not be a very good support for 5 inch screen.
but battery is built in i dont know whether we could change the battery in future.but battery is built in i dont know whether we could change the battery in future.
i have taken moto go on 24 june which is my fourth hands in motor previous three handiest are too good but this one is too worst for my surprise the hands getting heated up when i keep in my pocket and moreover the battery getting drained within 2 hours of its full charge,,,,.
battery life can be bit improved but not a drawback as such.
processing speed is good mixed with the 1 go ram and aren 320 graphics.front speakers covered with carbon fibre is solid for good condition of sound(both for call and external sound).8mp camera is decent for the price and front camera is also ok for average series and normal video chat.though battery is non-removable but you wont find it an issue but it gives for over 1.5 days standby with some calls back with above 90% charge and 10-12 his with continuous wife or g browsing video playing and 7-8 his with continuous gaming.so that may be an issue for multimedia users.approx 13gb internal memory unable.processing speed is good mixed with the 1 go ram and aren 320 graphics.front speakers covered with carbon fibre is solid for good condition of sound(both for call and external sound).8mp camera is decent for the price and front camera is also ok for average series and normal video chat.though battery is non-removable but you wont find it an issue but it gives for over 1.5 days standby with some calls back with above 90% charge and 10-12 his with continuous wife or g browsing video playing and 7-8 his with continuous gaming.so that may be an issue for multimedia users.approx 13gb internal memory unable.there is no such negative issue for me with this mobile but i wish it could have the 'nfc' and a more battery power.something like 2300-2600 mah.;-p so overall i am satisfied by using this handy set and would surely recommend to any mid-range smartphone buyers.coz this the best in class set in its price!!!!.
excellent delivery by flipkat i had ordered it on with oct & the delivery date was on th nov and i received it on 23 oct and phone is good but not excellent co the battery drains very fast.
hats a use of smartphone then by battery is draining very very fast.
his product is good for looking wise , performance , they build quality but we compromise in some thing like they battery back is worst , senior are very slow to react .
i am using this mobile last 8 months vice display last ram and processor quick update android, amazing sterno speakers west camera vice design good battery and without any problems to for it.
moto and initially have heating problem but later it is solved.with experience i see the new gets heated faster and then after using couple of months heating problem have come down.
battery drains like flush.
battery life is poor.i have to charge my motog2's battery twice a day.
minor heating is observed after some game play.never hang battery is good compare to other andros devices.round and camera quality is awesome, so is the battery back up.mobile will be hanging for every 2 to 3 days battery back is worst please dont purchase.
battery is good camera is also very good round quality is awesome.
battery drains pretty soon and needs a long to time to charge the whole thing up again.also the battery drains quickly.its really a very god mid range phone and battery is just awesome n camera is just awesome n no issues god work by motorola n goose.
battery gets you through the day and charges quickly 5.sons > battery drains very fast i think its because of screen size and low rating battery.sons > battery drains very fast i think its because of screen size and low rating battery.
battery life is good.
it is good to maintain good battery back good andros experience though a bit overpriced .
very had experience with voice clarity while on call voice is surrounding & echo and its seems like making cal on speaker phone.not expected with moto g2.instead moto e has better crisp n clear voice battery performance is not so good.it should be 2500 may battery on this price brackets.very had experience with voice clarity while on call voice is surrounding & echo and its seems like making cal on speaker phone.not expected with moto g2.instead moto e has better crisp n clear voice battery performance is not so good.it should be 2500 may battery on this price brackets.
* there is no heating problem either while playing games or charging.
but the battery life sucks, and speaker volume not much loud and brightness not enough for daylight.
excellent delivery by flipkat i had ordered it on with oct & the delivery date was on th nov and i received it on 23 oct and phone is good but not excellent co the battery drains very fast.
only the speakers and sound quality could have been made better.hope the built battery lasts long ( at least 3 years.
os of now i dint find any stitches in the phone and battery is coming for approve a day with normal use.
the only problem i feel is with battery but that has been overcome in the next model soto g3).
after 3 months for 24x7 usage all i can say that in all aspect this phone 5 star rate ( software - lollipop, display round camera signal handling performance gazing build quality etc except battery.a very good purchase if you dont mind its hungry battery os cheers p.s.
battery drains fast because of increased screen size but other features are cool and worth for money.
phone is too good but the battery life is ok but still i will rate it five it has excellent camera which is as good as phone 6 plus os go ram , and it has attractive looks and such a low price but the company needs to work on battery.phone is too good but the battery life is ok but still i will rate it five it has excellent camera which is as good as phone 6 plus os go ram , and it has attractive looks and such a low price but the company needs to work on battery.
good camera and display good internal memory and nice features battery back up is above average.
a smart mid range phone which work well great performance and great battery life.
i bought this moto os for my wife almost a year back and i was impressed with moto os performance in terms of camera quality surely its battery then iphone), battery pp updated etc trust me i spend almost a month to found a good andros phone which is under ask which comes with a established bands and also comes with internal memory of 16 os or more.i bought this moto os for my wife almost a year back and i was impressed with moto os performance in terms of camera quality surely its battery then iphone), battery pp updated etc trust me i spend almost a month to found a good andros phone which is under ask which comes with a established bands and also comes with internal memory of 16 os or more.
gros : - good screen the pictures are clear and crisp - good built ( for ask ) - round clarity is good - good battery sons : - ppi is reduced compared to the older version of the moto g - to image stabilization.
battery life is also very good.
i have been using this product since 2 months that too after replacement of the first piece as it started heating on using os which shouldn have happened at all.the replacement was also not fast on flipkart's part which again was not expected from flipkart.
battery 2070 mah.with d.u battery pp it gives you more or less 1 day/24 hours backup.
gros : very unfordable good battery life great build quality sharp 5 inch 720phd display sons : backs os lte support to processor upgrade over predecessor average front-facing speakers camera struggles in low light alternative : us zenfone5.
moto go is simply superb mobile with latest andros l updated nice battery back up.
the large screen is nice for netflix, the front facing speakers are strong average but much more convenient than back/side speakers and the design of the phone is okay--the plastic on the back cover is very soft so buy a case.the battery life gets worse and quickly.i may have just gotten a bad phone but with 1200 may battery meant for its predecessor which is significantly smaller battery life is as expected.the camera is great for taking pictures of textbook pages and wherever there is a lot of light.i may have just gotten a bad phone but with 1200 may battery meant for its predecessor which is significantly smaller battery life is as expected.the camera is great for taking pictures of textbook pages and wherever there is a lot of light.i have found it can have a surprising amount of webpages and apes open at a time but i think the phone pauses the apes to its best ability while in the background.up until recently the battery has been acting like an end-of-contract iphone, and it has been over heating.i have found it can have a surprising amount of webpages and apes open at a time but i think the phone pauses the apes to its best ability while in the background.up until recently the battery has been acting like an end-of-contract iphone, and it has been over heating.getting full day battery means airplane mode and battery save mode a lollipop features when you use the phone on wife or data competitor to this phone would be the os os rigor as the battery life is 2450 may and removable same screen size better color and has expandable memory as well do not recommend this phone if you want to use it at all.important specs:non removable battery card sloth front facing speakers inch screen him card shots.getting full day battery means airplane mode and battery save mode a lollipop features when you use the phone on wife or data competitor to this phone would be the os os rigor as the battery life is 2450 may and removable same screen size better color and has expandable memory as well do not recommend this phone if you want to use it at all.important specs:non removable battery card sloth front facing speakers inch screen him card shots.getting full day battery means airplane mode and battery save mode a lollipop features when you use the phone on wife or data competitor to this phone would be the os os rigor as the battery life is 2450 may and removable same screen size better color and has expandable memory as well do not recommend this phone if you want to use it at all.important specs:non removable battery card sloth front facing speakers inch screen him card shots.getting full day battery means airplane mode and battery save mode a lollipop features when you use the phone on wife or data competitor to this phone would be the os os rigor as the battery life is 2450 may and removable same screen size better color and has expandable memory as well do not recommend this phone if you want to use it at all.important specs:non removable battery card sloth front facing speakers inch screen him card shots.
battery back is almost 14-16 hours with moderate usage.value for money.only con is the battery but since him not into heavy gazing it lasts 24 hours easily for me.
the battery is the lifetime of any phone especially if it were to be a smartphone.the battery on the os really needs to be recalled and motorola should be replacing them.os battery life poor and lasts for 5-6 hours os turn on bluetooth & wife and the battery drains even faster.os battery life poor and lasts for 5-6 hours os turn on bluetooth & wife and the battery drains even faster.
new issues i see the battery gets heated up with minimal usage of browsing or music or watching video on youtube.
i have found only one problem is battery drains very fast.overnight the full battery(100%) will drain without any usage to apes running and no alarms also.
pls dont buy bcoz battery isvery poor and after lolipop updation os hangsvery often.its orignal charger takes 4 hrs os charge the phone.
touch is wonderful north in prices battery performance seems good as at least as of now in full 3g/h+ it is giving battery back more than 12 hours and in wi-fi it is even more.touch is wonderful north in prices battery performance seems good as at least as of now in full 3g/h+ it is giving battery back more than 12 hours and in wi-fi it is even more.
the phone has everything you just want full of features and classifications.the battery of this phone must need to increased.not poor but good battery very good feature just introduced in it is the printing module added in it.so you can connect to your printer with moto g by getting if facility and print your document from any where in home.micro - him facility must be discarded by the company its a good headache for me.the phone has everything you just want full of features and classifications.the battery of this phone must need to increased.not poor but good battery very good feature just introduced in it is the printing module added in it.so you can connect to your printer with moto g by getting if facility and print your document from any where in home.micro - him facility must be discarded by the company its a good headache for me.
camera clarity also good and battery back is good.
but as mentioned by many battery should have been upgrade.
os battery will lasts only for 5-6 hours if you use it heavily i mean games wife bluetooth, live wallpaper, etc etc os all at once else it last for about 17-18 hours may be more if u use it as a basic set.
battery lockup door / cheap earphones in box.
it wont let me call anyone if i am out of town and i tried to call my friends when i was in nevada and it kept telling me that the call could not be completed also i dont know how to find the battery to take it to see if it will rest.
battery is very disappointing finally choice is us , u r going to pay and use it thanks for reading.
battery's back up is also good.
battery quality of the motog2 generation mobile is too poor.the battery power immensely reduced if we take photos even without flash.
overall good mobile with cost but one can put little more money (1-2k) and get same features better sonya mobile where battery life is good.very bad battery backup, motorola must work on it.also if battery goes bad then its attached to body can replace battery.also if battery goes bad then its attached to body can replace battery.
- sometimes misses getting read by laptop when connected by usb cord works ok when restarted - since google lay tore has a ton of apply once you download the essentials the battery life is too short at 2070 mah, needs charging least once each day.
google camera gives superb results battery - 6/10 battery back up is good but and rather have a higher capacity battery i speed for this phone over zenphone 5 because of stock android.google camera gives superb results battery - 6/10 battery back up is good but and rather have a higher capacity battery i speed for this phone over zenphone 5 because of stock android.google camera gives superb results battery - 6/10 battery back up is good but and rather have a higher capacity battery i speed for this phone over zenphone 5 because of stock android.please note - the charger will charge your phone slowly so as to prevent the battery from over-heating.you may get a charger with higher may rating but it might spoil your battery within a years.
every thing is good about this phone except for battery life.os this will increase your overall battery life.and remember that battery is fixed as phone is water proof.if any thing happens to you battery then just go to motorola service center and they will change it for you.not open your phone and remove any of internal components or even battery as there is a naso coating.
battery life is just as good as the iphone.the screen is amazing and the biggest surprise is the camera the daytime photos are fantastic.
i took away one star because i find the battery doesn last all day if the os screen is on a lot.battery setting shows the screen is taking up most of the battery even when i keep the screen brightness turned down all the way.battery setting shows the screen is taking up most of the battery even when i keep the screen brightness turned down all the way.
the main problem with this device is its battery backup.
in the generation of 128gb expandable storage motorola is only providing 32gb expandable storage which is a minor con battery life-it is good enough to last you a whole day of normal usage ram-it is very less and can be clearly noticed while doing multitasking.
to heating problem.like described in red i os reviews camera dear too good for day to day usage.battery only department that didn make me elated.though the battery back is not very bad and it was not expected to be great either as 2000 oh can not be a very good support for 5 inch screen.
the phone is not updated.that doesn matter though cons the phone tends to heat in excess gaming and charging the battery life.:-(.
the camera is better than last years model but the screen looks less vibrant, lots of bags with lollipop 5.0.2 and the battery is woeful.i watched a hour movie and that took down 52 of battery on full brightness.the camera is better than last years model but the screen looks less vibrant, lots of bags with lollipop 5.0.2 and the battery is woeful.i watched a hour movie and that took down 52 of battery on full brightness.
i have been using this phone for about 15 days.till now no no issues.i was worried about the battery at first but it really surprised me.
shone and its features are basic but him disappointed with battery.please make sure you celebrate the battery first for good performance.
and battery performance is average.
battery life is average i would say.will drain out real quick if u are a photo maniac and keep clinking photos all day.
but one thing found was the battery which drains faster when use.for egg if it is 60% and when we brows or see something in phone its battery reduces per minute 45 os 40% slowly slowly reduces.battery life still to be improved in moto g2.
battery back up is decent and all.
moto os looking very good and clarity very nice but some battery problem its very low dfdggdfgdfgfffffffffffffffffffffff.
recent battery backup, considering you are just using the device for phone watsapp and some occasional video purposes.
and battery performance is average gros -5" display front speakers are loud n clear no network or call drops -8mp camera takes amazing pictures when hdr mode is on micro os slot up to 32gb.
i am not even getting the battery back for least 4 hour s a day.
i purchased this phone for better battery but bit not satisfied me.
good features but the battery back is not good.
the sterno speakers are great for low volume music.cons:battery (2070 mah) could have been better.so if you do not multitask that much or play very intensive games this is a superb phone for you.if this had a better processor higher pp and a good battery in willing to even pay $500 for this phone because of its designed.
the only drawback of the product is very poor/weak battery.it takes 3-4 hours for battery to charge 100% and the full charged battery does not last for 7-8 hours.it takes 3-4 hours for battery to charge 100% and the full charged battery does not last for 7-8 hours.
battery not good - does not last full day for average use.
but remember if battery drains to os then u need to hold the power key unto 2 min.ur phone will be on.
ought this mobile with full resultant but got a disappointment irons display user friendly horns battery ver very poor heating problem if i use mobile for 5 min in g or 2 min video recording tried code #*#*4636*#*# it came till 47 in bangalore climate hangs if i use mobile for 30 min if i play basic game subways suffers moto g st gen was better than this.ought this mobile with full resultant but got a disappointment irons display user friendly horns battery ver very poor heating problem if i use mobile for 5 min in g or 2 min video recording tried code #*#*4636*#*# it came till 47 in bangalore climate hangs if i use mobile for 30 min if i play basic game subways suffers moto g st gen was better than this.
update: noticed battery problem that is very intermittent.even battery is around 80%, suddenly it goes to 1%.when finally after so many followups, i got call and these idiot tried to check battery with their shit pp.to the pp passed the battery.i dont know how reset can affect battery but still i wasted 2-3 hours in back-up my data.
the battery is great the screen is very clear.
i had a very bad experience with moto-g and men within less than 5 months the battery ceased to work and had to take it to the service center.the biggest con is that the battery cannot be removed it is inbuilt.os of the phone gets stuck when all fails the last resort is to plug the battery and the device will restarted that is not possible with this device.
and battery tips also because its sucks.quality is good only problem is battery.
i bought this phone in september and am facing over heating and hanging problems since i bought this phone.
the one & only flaw as per my usage was the battery back up.with such a bright display & os screen u need to have least 2300 may battery.
also the battery back is not too great.
performance of the battery is one of the major problems of this phone,it takes 3.5 hours to get charged from 14% to 90%.also for opium use the discharge period is 7.5-8 hours.but if you use phone for high end games,continues g network and carrot multitasking,the battery life reduces to 5.5-6 hours 2.battery heat up severely.
everything is good except the battery back is not good.
i have bought moto g and gen smartphone its delivered very quickly when i started using this phone from that time till now i am facing battery problem its giving only 2 hours back only two times i have complained against this but they have canceled my request without solving my problem.
it has a decent processor good display decent camera and battery life.gros : much-improved camera strong battery life solid well-built design excellent value for money will edit my review for cost if i come across with one.
to option for battery replacement took.
battery os good .
pro amazing display with morning gorilla glass 3 great front and rear camera great performance,and gaming good battery life 5.
initially thought of buying zen but after reading comments in flipkart i withdraw from the thought and i ordered moto 2nd gen which i got lollipop updated you have to taste it believe me it is the best experience or going to get prose screen is good camera quality is decent build quality is top notch which you are not going to get with chinaphones last but not least lollipop you are going to love it icons only con is average battery life.
its battery runs for a day easily.
battery gets drained soon.3.
battery is good ui is awesome and android latest version is available which is running great with ram.
great phone amazing display one of the best have seen doesn't lag no flashing of pp only negative is the battery is horrible last about 4 hours for me.
eating : 8.5/10 battery : any users are saying this is a big issue since the battery drains very quickly.eating : 8.5/10 battery : any users are saying this is a big issue since the battery drains very quickly.to need to worry at all because if you handle the phone fruitful and sensibly you will able to save a lot of battery(refer to the different battery saving methods.to need to worry at all because if you handle the phone fruitful and sensibly you will able to save a lot of battery(refer to the different battery saving methods.besides the phone itself provides a battery save option in battery settings which saves a lot of energy.besides the phone itself provides a battery save option in battery settings which saves a lot of energy.sons : heavy use may reduce battery life.james drain the battery a lot.drowsing in os and some basic apes like whatsapp, facebook and messenger will give you a minimum of 12-14 hours of back provided you follow the battery saving instructions 6/10 speed : very good.battery life in case you are a heavy user and a game os hours max 2.
battery back is very poor and poor customer service.suggest to improve the quality of battery and customer service.
good camera quality slim and compatible but very poor battery performance.it the same charging time is too long to get full battery charged.
battery disappoints me a bit.
doesn bother me thought battery back up is not up to the mark os need to charge twice a day not rigid like canvas 4.
very tough reliable and has a great battery life.
battery back is very very poor mobile will hang frequently other than ok.
again heating problem at rear camera.today's(4th may experience heating problem is same it becomes very hot at rear camera after 10 mind usage.heating heating heating.heating heating heating.heating heating heating.built battery(for me i am normal user so satisfied except the above os inch screen is very cool good clarity good touch good design good memory kitkat, 8mp 2mp camera good browsing experience gaming experience is very satisfied i dont recommend this co what is the use of having so many features.this heating problem is irritating & burning my hand after every 10 - 15 mind of usage.
awesome phone working excellent but a little bit worry about battery everything is very god os a good smart phone to buy.
i have used samsung galaxy core earlier and it suffered clot during multi-tasking, the battery life too was poor unlike this one.
battery life-getting around 6 his 2.
after using samson for two yes it was time for different brand and after lot of pondering i stuck to moto go using it for the last twenty days i can say that its simply superb performance is ultimate,no lag at all dont worry about ram in my case i was bit worried but after using it i felt that its very much compatible with hardware.coming to the battery life its not that bad average users can easily go for a day while moderate to bit high end user need to charge.still under 20 k segment it is the best phone to buy just go for it.
and now the initial impressions on the device itself after thoroughly using it for around 7-8 his the phone delivers what it promises glass sturdiness, latest os (lollipop), camera features battery back (haven't tested the battery thou).and now the initial impressions on the device itself after thoroughly using it for around 7-8 his the phone delivers what it promises glass sturdiness, latest os (lollipop), camera features battery back (haven't tested the battery thou).the battery life is good as well.
for battery full marks.smooth operation.camera is definitely not the best but it is more than good.
i use micro him cards inserting it according to instructions contact face to battery).
os battery drained.needs more power battery since 5 inch screen + android(battery drained os one major issue, i noted several times is that whenever my battery gets fully discharged and then when i plugged my charger to charge and kept it for few minutes(10 mins).needs more power battery since 5 inch screen + android(battery drained os one major issue, i noted several times is that whenever my battery gets fully discharged and then when i plugged my charger to charge and kept it for few minutes(10 mins).needs more power battery since 5 inch screen + android(battery drained os one major issue, i noted several times is that whenever my battery gets fully discharged and then when i plugged my charger to charge and kept it for few minutes(10 mins).after that i tried to turn on cell by removing charge but it didn start for 20-30 mind and was continuously showing battery % in charging state(though charger is removed whenever i clicked the power button.
i am getting irritation because of this battery back is ok for one day i think they are clearing the stock with all return or old phones.
the moto os is a good cell phone but the battery does not last long.i feel it same as samsung in terms of battery back up.battery should last longer.
little bit heating during gaming and surfing.otherwise.
the only thing that i have is the battery.2600mah battery should have been used.well with this battery him obey.
problem of signal dropping battery life too low take too much time to get fully charge.overall it works average.
phone is good but should have a us cable and good headset kindly improve the battery otherwise its awesome phone.
battery drains too fast.it just lasts 6 to 8 hours.and i am below average user.
by only complaint is that the viewing angles are a bit low for an ips display.battery: 8/10there's a pretty big disparity between gaming battery life and general battery life.by only complaint is that the viewing angles are a bit low for an ips display.battery: 8/10there's a pretty big disparity between gaming battery life and general battery life.battery life is excellent in general use i could easily see a single charge lasting a full day or more with moderate use.however games really eat the battery in just a couple hours.additionally, the forward facing speakers click tactile buttons gorilla glass 3 screen ratification light rubberized economic shape and micro slot are all features that elevate the moto g 2014 above its smarten competition at the $180 price point.overall, great build quality great ui/os, snakish gazing average camera good sound great screen good battery great reliability great perish and an amazing prices.
it has got cornila glass 3 os hate plastic covered screen pictures are good video is outstanding sound quality is perfect with dual speaker body cover is unique and not slippery battery is decent it works through out a day.
looks and designs are so cool , sound effects are just simply superb , the matter finish and white color is just lovely os love this mobile very much , so fast , and mitka version of andros is just awesome battery back is decent .one minus point is the battery charger and headsets of moto g is just in average .
the main issue is battery drain - it drains within a day for normal usage without wife and data usage might be due to lollipop os or gorilla glass display 2.
os learning dont try this stung you will end up looking all that you paid for os probably i think i was the first one to get an update as no one mentioned about it at that time with sep'14 to be precise os as soon as i unvexed the phone and connected it to my iii i had an update waiting so expecting lollipop sooner than other folks os os round - omg the sound is awesome, dual speakers blow the sound like a sterno set that is if you have the right media os to heating - unlike other i didn notice any heating during calls it only gets heated if am under the sun for a long time with my shone exposed to it .os learning dont try this stung you will end up looking all that you paid for os probably i think i was the first one to get an update as no one mentioned about it at that time with sep'14 to be precise os as soon as i unvexed the phone and connected it to my iii i had an update waiting so expecting lollipop sooner than other folks os os round - omg the sound is awesome, dual speakers blow the sound like a sterno set that is if you have the right media os to heating - unlike other i didn notice any heating during calls it only gets heated if am under the sun for a long time with my shone exposed to it .
os with time battery back started to decrease when it was new it could run games and surf internet whole day but now even if i dont touch it at the end of the day its battery shows 30% remaining.os with time battery back started to decrease when it was new it could run games and surf internet whole day but now even if i dont touch it at the end of the day its battery shows 30% remaining.
by and and rd day started noticing the battery usually was taking more time to get charged fully,around 5-6 hours.and.also draining of the battery was faster within 6-8 hours.replaced it with new one and when i checked its battery again it was still taking around 4 hours to charge.again.os please guys buy moto g 2nd gen os os own risk.orask flipkart os have a quality check over its battery performance both while charging and output.
battery back is good many people are saying it has low battery staying but they are wrong.battery back is good many people are saying it has low battery staying but they are wrong.use the phone as u should and u will not face any battery issues 2.
however the battery back is not that great.
battery backup: i felt bad battery back 6.battery backup: i felt bad battery back 6.
but battery life is not good.very soon it is discharging battery & overheating problem is there.but battery life is not good.very soon it is discharging battery & overheating problem is there.100% batery if you are using continuously then within 3-4 he max battery will dead.
its clean nice durable, good battery backup, excellent camera nice hardware absolutely os hangs plus its moto.you have the service with you of you are looking out for a decent smartphone within 12-13k, then this is the one.
to heating problems.
battery life will easily last the day if not over used either way it needs to be on the charger at the end of the day.bottom line for a very unfordable basic phone with decent speck and excellent build quality this one is hard to beat.ps well coverage in my rural area has always been if at best so have been using the phone for iii calling no him and it works very well.edit: 1-13-15 after a couple of weeks of ownership the phone has for the most part met my expectations only draw backs are still no lollipop update i guess google is working out the bags and battery life even with moderate use it drops off fast.
the battery life is just sky but when i stop playing with it him sure it will last me far longer.this phone does everything i need and much much more!this is a great smart phone at a great price.so for what its worth and highly recommend this phone.update (12/13/2014)man, i tell a the more i use this moto g and men the more i love it!!!.
i bought this for my sister and she pretty much satisfied with this fone.it even got lollipop update.the is nice doesn lag.it had battery issues but after lollipop update that issue got solved.
his is my first andros mobile very much satisfied with the performance display is good very much handy camera quality is outstanding good sound quality no phone laws little problem with battery back and also charging waiting for the andros 5(lollipop).
before i buy this products i have heard a lot of reviews that this mobile has heating problems.
motorola's claim of 1 day battery is also not true.
battery once is 100% charged and in about 20 mind it shows as os os 2.
i am really impressed with the camera and video quality it delivers.in os 13000 you get such a clarity * happy with an average internet usage battery lasts full day.
out of box os average battery life os.
battery could have been better 2.
