camera is also good.
the moto g and generation ) mobile purchased on with june 2015 had camera problem after a weeks.when the camera icon is clicked a black screen appears.
west part of it it has a good camera with focus and burst imagine.
mobile become completely hanged while i am using camera in sun light.
camera focus it just does not work.
camera is decent if not extraordinary.
round great display great camera good.
its being 6 months i am using this no problem till now had a same phone nice features with living camera which is beating most bands on this price budget.
very good features,awesome camera quality in day and night.easy to play heavy games size games.you can move apes from phone to him cards.
oh one more thing camera too has issues it says 13 megapixel but the photos are poor and gets blur at corner.oh one more thing camera too has issues it says 13 megapixel but the photos are poor and gets blur at corner.
reported to motorola executive after few ratification trials still the same.camera issues camera mode exit some time saying " camera not responding"the quality of the display and camera quality as compared to samsung os is good.reported to motorola executive after few ratification trials still the same.camera issues camera mode exit some time saying " camera not responding"the quality of the display and camera quality as compared to samsung os is good.reported to motorola executive after few ratification trials still the same.camera issues camera mode exit some time saying " camera not responding"the quality of the display and camera quality as compared to samsung os is good.
camera quality is good and works on type calls.
camera quality isn bad at all phone signal and call quality are good but i wouldn say they are the best.
i love the camera both rear and the front camera which provides good picture/video quality the user interface is also awesome considering the fact that the phone has 1 os ram, and have seen other phone online with more ram but still laws behind in user interface so phone speck dont necessarily equal the user experience.i love the camera both rear and the front camera which provides good picture/video quality the user interface is also awesome considering the fact that the phone has 1 os ram, and have seen other phone online with more ram but still laws behind in user interface so phone speck dont necessarily equal the user experience.
camera does its job nice but could definitely have been better.i have been a very heavy and advanced user of phone some of them have been of the highest specie and now all i want from my phone is to have a responsive functional and unable experience with a good camera and good battery while not burning my purse.
i am using this phone since last week and this phone is great video recording quality is superb and touch is very smooth.
good battery back with any hanging issue.decent camera.
slow motion video shoot frame rate is good 9.2.8mp camera should be more better 3.
secondary camera is good but primary camera not as good as it to be for 8 mp.secondary camera is good but primary camera not as good as it to be for 8 mp.camera has less settings/features.you can think for tendon 5 for better camera.
the cam clarity is too gud.
camera is really awesome,front and back cam gives awesome quality pick and flash makes it even better when u have low light around bought this phone only because it has great camera.micromax and all give camp it they aunt even having quality of 3.2 mp.camera is really awesome,front and back cam gives awesome quality pick and flash makes it even better when u have low light around bought this phone only because it has great camera.micromax and all give camp it they aunt even having quality of 3.2 mp.-1080p video are also playing without any lag on this phone,internet is fast and wife working perfectly.os would like to suggest everyone to buy this phone because it has great design,feels so good to hold in your hands,quite well battery backup,superb camera,games are playing perfectly,camera is great,and last but not the least will have andros version updated regularly on this phone in future.os would like to suggest everyone to buy this phone because it has great design,feels so good to hold in your hands,quite well battery backup,superb camera,games are playing perfectly,camera is great,and last but not the least will have andros version updated regularly on this phone in future.
camera both front and rear are decent video are of high quality os after 3 days of purchase it hanged and loses its data conductivity constantly but after starting it was again normal one thing i hate a lot is the battery back of this phone it does even last for 7 hours at full usage.i dont know why the smart people had reduced the battery after increasing the screen size.the should have increased it.camera both front and rear are decent video are of high quality os after 3 days of purchase it hanged and loses its data conductivity constantly but after starting it was again normal one thing i hate a lot is the battery back of this phone it does even last for 7 hours at full usage.i dont know why the smart people had reduced the battery after increasing the screen size.the should have increased it.apart from battery issue not a major issue find with this phone.all the games work perfectly and 16 go internal memory is quiet good conclusion if u dont get annoyed by battery and are concerned with camera nd looks only then go for it otherwise for a battery phone go for gone.
vice screen great camera.
i upgrade to this phone to use it in addition to using it to make calls and send texts on backpacking trips as a gps and as a camera.
camera quality is excellent during sun light even better than gumma 730.
dear camera also have good clarity and resolution.
gros : camera is best.
the camera is good.it least it is not worse than t989s camera maybe even better in darker settings due to hdr on moto g2.
letter size better processor and camera.
both camera is very superb!!!.
and the camera quality os good.can`t take video continuously 3 minutes.
rest all is good especially camera is great os good buy in this range.
i love phone its camera & happiness of phone.
i have been using from last month no problem comes.fast software.smart looks.awewsome camera perfomance.coolest moto phone.grt budget phone.
such heat is produced while camera is on.
awesome display , round & camera quality.
rest all is good especially camera is great os good buy in this range.
gros - well built , fits perfectly in the palm with a good built - very good battery life - clean efficient os - good camera even though its an 8 up - excellent touch and display quality sons - voice call quality could do better overall its a top class phone in this price range you might get better speck better speed better ram by other bands in this ask range , but this perform better and is very much stable in os.
it this price range moto gives his best and i am very satisfied this its processor they give me all features what i want in a mobile camera is good front camera is also good touch is nice and smooth dual speakers works perfect battery back is good built quality is superb.it this price range moto gives his best and i am very satisfied this its processor they give me all features what i want in a mobile camera is good front camera is also good touch is nice and smooth dual speakers works perfect battery back is good built quality is superb.
his phone seems to be a good one in term of its look , the touchscreen camera everything seems to be fine but it doesnt't have a file manager which was really a silly thing to miss on a smart phone.
rose - in os slot makes storage more comfortable - bigger screen off course good for all games - letter cam quality compared to previous edition - slim and reduced weight makes better sons - cam quality has to be improved by moto as it would be better if karl less are preferred with some additional cost recommended for all users who dont depend of mobile cam as moto needs to improve a lot on camera features.rose - in os slot makes storage more comfortable - bigger screen off course good for all games - letter cam quality compared to previous edition - slim and reduced weight makes better sons - cam quality has to be improved by moto as it would be better if karl less are preferred with some additional cost recommended for all users who dont depend of mobile cam as moto needs to improve a lot on camera features.rose - in os slot makes storage more comfortable - bigger screen off course good for all games - letter cam quality compared to previous edition - slim and reduced weight makes better sons - cam quality has to be improved by moto as it would be better if karl less are preferred with some additional cost recommended for all users who dont depend of mobile cam as moto needs to improve a lot on camera features.rose - in os slot makes storage more comfortable - bigger screen off course good for all games - letter cam quality compared to previous edition - slim and reduced weight makes better sons - cam quality has to be improved by moto as it would be better if karl less are preferred with some additional cost recommended for all users who dont depend of mobile cam as moto needs to improve a lot on camera features.
overall the battery life and the camera picture quality is quite good for a phone at this price range.overall the battery life and the camera picture quality is quite good for a phone at this price range.
good camera quality.i loved the camera quality especially the back cam which gives outstanding picture quality in absent light conditions.i loved the camera quality especially the back cam which gives outstanding picture quality in absent light conditions.i loved the camera quality especially the back cam which gives outstanding picture quality in absent light conditions.
it is really fast the screen is gorgeous - sharp with rich colors the device is thin enough the camera is quite oka battery life is quite good it is light enough and the phone is not too ugly.its a black plastic slab but not worse than any samsung out there.the camera low light performance is a bit better than the shone os but the imagine algorithms are a little worse in bright light.
i had wanted a phone with a decent camera decent display under 10000.the battery also lasts for unto one and half days on moderate usage whatsapp - 1-2 hours checking facebook 2-3 times a day browsing internet for 1 hours voice calls 1 hours video play back - 1 hours using camera for 15-20 min ) 6.the battery also lasts for unto one and half days on moderate usage whatsapp - 1-2 hours checking facebook 2-3 times a day browsing internet for 1 hours voice calls 1 hours video play back - 1 hours using camera for 15-20 min ) 6.the camera clarity was good.the hdr mode makes the photos look brighter and clearer.
in camera quality.and in user interface 2)doesn't gets heated.like red 1s.
must awesome phone at these price range camera clarity is good sound clarity also but phone laws during heavy use because go of ram.
camera and internet breakers have to carry the usb charger all the way wherever you go battery dies all the time and runs out of power.
it was working with mitka andros but as it upgrade with lollypop its performance degraded a little.its rear camera is too good capture damn good quality picture and shoot video also.it was working with mitka andros but as it upgrade with lollypop its performance degraded a little.its rear camera is too good capture damn good quality picture and shoot video also.it was working with mitka andros but as it upgrade with lollypop its performance degraded a little.its rear camera is too good capture damn good quality picture and shoot video also.
the only thing to improve is the camera but again for a budget phone is still pretty good.
camera is good.headsets are not up to the mark os thought of buying a beatson.
camera is good but only in day light 2.
very very vice shone in this rice range i suggest wont wait to for it good camera quality good looking shone.
camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good.
awesome display , round & camera quality.
camera performance was also very good.but while charging its charger gets heated up very quickly it overall moto g and generation is a fabulous phone.
speed,touch,camera is good os but need some camera apes for more fun.speed,touch,camera is good os but need some camera apes for more fun.
very nice camera with pretty good autofocus and lighting and autoflash) even in low-light conditions.
excellent camera excellent pic/video quality round quality excellent.
sturdy phone good speed amazing connectivity, descent battery good camera sleek and very light in hand and pocket 5 star voice quality can use in rains also.sons sometimes takes time to rotate screen less option with camera settings.
camera does a decent job in indoor and outdoor.
rose excellent working interface no lag whatsoever with fantastic video output and playback.the camera is truly beautiful considering the price tags.recent battery backup, considering you are just using the device for phone watsapp and some occasional video purposes.
there is a problem with camera.
the camera and the option for more storage , twitching to a different carrier at wish are great features.
camera is amazing.
moto go is awesome in all aspects but while booming picture quality is not good this is the only sons which i could notice those who have a budget of 10000 - 16000 go ahead and buy moto either spend extra unto 3000 or save unto 3000.
i am using this phone this is very good phone at this prices camera quality is too good but battery is not so good.
camera is good.
its great phone for that budget of under 10000 nice camera great sound os os os os os os os os os os os os os os os os os os os.
all the features are good and camera quality is awesome.
sons camera could have been better picture quality not that great in low light.sons camera could have been better picture quality not that great in low light.
fire of the charger is long enough and the quality of camera and headphones are also best eye bye samsung and foka.
get the lollipop update os fantastic phone camera is good built quality good one of best phone in this price range.
now lets start some of its negative points  the rear camera glass is having spots and minor scratches.the camera stopped responding 3-4 times in a day.camera auto focus feature hang the phone due to which phone need to be restarted  unable to apply google drive 50gb offer.
touch response is smooth and faaast,, it an run full os video arcade games or multitasking with out any last.camera quality is decent under sufficient light exposure.
excellent photos 3.
good camera.
camera up is like lumia's 5mp.but front camera of up is good.
camera pick and video quality is too good.camera pick and video quality is too good.
- simply awesome product from motorola - touch response is battery smooth - processor performance brilliant - camera quality is great - vibrant screen colours - solid built overall must go for it west budget smartphone in the market right now.
camera is to fine.
nice display good camera great design and optimization at its best.
vice display and good camera .
i have 3 around me my families 1 they do not transfer photos and video using the usb cable 2 they have a software to try to solve the problem (kyies) which does not work and os my unite with less than 5 months using decided that it would not take charge anymore.i have 3 around me my families 1 they do not transfer photos and video using the usb cable 2 they have a software to try to solve the problem (kyies) which does not work and os my unite with less than 5 months using decided that it would not take charge anymore.
primary camera is great intact better than my digital camera.primary camera is great intact better than my digital camera.
good rear camera(only x room 2.good secondary camera.
picture quality good 3.
camera would have been letter (takes time os focus).
moto g perfect for multi user in andros lolipop perfect camera as compare to other 8 up camera front facing camera also good moto provide update unto 18 month from launching of date shalt 8 and dead trigger 2 game also run smoothly.moto g perfect for multi user in andros lolipop perfect camera as compare to other 8 up camera front facing camera also good moto provide update unto 18 month from launching of date shalt 8 and dead trigger 2 game also run smoothly.moto g perfect for multi user in andros lolipop perfect camera as compare to other 8 up camera front facing camera also good moto provide update unto 18 month from launching of date shalt 8 and dead trigger 2 game also run smoothly.
shone finish , clarity , camera , user interface is totally in a finished format.
camera quality is good.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .gros -5" display front speakers are loud n clear no network or call drops -8mp camera takes amazing pictures when hdr mode is on micro os slot up to 32gb.
- good form factor - adequate weight as per the size - very responsive touch-screen - lovely camera primary and secondary and led flash - didn't feel any pitch using 1gb ram for normal work not included any games - 16gb internal memory - inclusion of expandable micro os sloth.
i have been facing the following issues with this device - battery not charged properly stays on x for hours(need to start to increase the os - sometimes when u remove charging it shows the battery is still charging - hangs and auto starts on playing video on for couture - all disconnected automatically - very slow touch response.
camera quality and features are better than moto g first genu.
the phone perform daily tasks perfectly and the display is nice for watching moves and video.the camera has been the most important update and it takes much better picture than the previous gen model.the camera has been the most important update and it takes much better picture than the previous gen model.
great primary camera.getting hot after recording video for only 2 mind.
good looking picture quality is amazing good phone with best features in best price west phone from moto in good price definitely a good mobile to buy.
finally i found the mobile which i used for gaming and taking good picture daytime anywhere.i have recommended it to my other friends.who also get it from flipkart.
screen gets heated up frequently when i run games.within two minutes screen and the camera lens gets heated up.
gros - well built , fits perfectly in the palm with a good built - very good battery life - clean efficient os - good camera even though its an 8 up - excellent touch and display quality sons - voice call quality could do better overall its a top class phone in this price range you might get better speck better speed better ram by other bands in this ask range , but this perform better and is very much stable in os.
rose excellent camera.stills and video both are captured well.
this is the best mid range andros phone for now os pros os packed with snapdragon 400 os pretty decent enough for this price battery is way better than expected (media-core user am myself very nice display two comes with stock andros experience feels solid best nearly no been dual sterno speakers will blow you away expandable memory guaranteed updated for andros l cons os camera performance was worse even being equipped with imp only one microphone outdoor visibility could have been better phone doesn come with micro us us cable headphones are cheap by built and audit quality the plastic bells surrounding the top face were quite disappointing making it feel cheap.
- camera is decent take good photos when lighting is right.bads - the battery never reaches 100% since day os although the battery life seems good.- camera is decent take good photos when lighting is right.bads - the battery never reaches 100% since day os although the battery life seems good.
and its not like its battery is dead now from the day 1 its not giving the back as expected beside this camera quality is also not good.its 8 os camera is performing very less than that of samson grand 8 os camera.its 8 os camera is performing very less than that of samson grand 8 os camera.but i suggest if u r looking for good battery and camera then do not go for it.
>awesome camera both front n back consul battery is not removable earphone & charger are not of good quality.
processor is speedy camera quality is nice good phone at this price should work on speaker audit quality no so fine else a nice phone.
i configured you-tube and starts playing video.
camera quality is average rest everything is superb.
camera very reasonable.
good performance good camera excellent value for money.
os camera is good.
camera is good.
very fast phone camera is good.
excellent piece,,, wonderful camera superb os, has been upgrade to lollipop 5.0.2.
but if i use continually 15mnts when video calling and gaming), the screen of the moto grand men is getting over heated.
only camera and screen clarity is good.
good 8 os primary camera and 2 os secondary camera.good 8 os primary camera and 2 os secondary camera.phone heats os for everything if used for more than 10 mind while using any pp for more than 10 mind - while using camera while taking any call downloading etc 2.
camera quality is too awesome (panoramic, slur mode flash 3.video clarity is also nice with slow motion recording.
camera is terrific and shots great photos.this moto g second generation as gyroscope which the first one didn't.he can take awesome photos sphere pictures with goose camera.he can take awesome photos sphere pictures with goose camera.
i bought a new moto go using pp offer got the phone within two days with lot of issues which unable to solved first thing i vexed with the shone battery got heated while using the phone internet or watching any video second worst case about the mobile is hearing person they hear their own voice(echo) while speaking in very loudly simply saying door quality.
unable camera is of good quality (both).
a very decent and preferable device i have ever seen otg support full he video and it supports all the functions as mentioned in the about part.~secondly, the display is not very pretty as compared to the old moto os its colors is not as much bright as moto go but supports full he video without any last.
good camera quality in day time attractive design and latest os.
i love the feature camera low 720p hd' you can run most of the application simultaneously with any time lag or interruption.
these for is good but have a huge drawback that is battery(2020mah) using from 7 month these bones battery consumption like any sports biceps petrol pros-have sex look camera is oak but not enough good interface after lollipop for memory is enough cost already mentioned battery is not suitable for g network networking automatically changed g to g if network fluctuates that is frustatting not like samson that remain unchanged my personal advise go for new updated for later going for these old.
using from past 8 days every thing seem fine like call quality no laws in multi-tasking, ok good camera for this prices but only only only only issue is battttttttteryyyy.lasts for hardly one day in normal usage gets heat up like anything if u speak for more than 20-25min surprisingly when you start shooting some photos or video hardly with in some five min it gets heatup.lasts for hardly one day in normal usage gets heat up like anything if u speak for more than 20-25min surprisingly when you start shooting some photos or video hardly with in some five min it gets heatup.
os overall feel & build quality : 4/5 os camera : 4/5 .
2 metal streaks on top and bottom differentiate it from st men camera is excellent and so is battery life.
fast very good camera 6.heats after using camera 3.
os awesome camera capture with rear as well as by front came.
more storage bigger screen letter round amazing camera quality with auto focus its best mobile in this price range.moto g and men has a inch os display which is great for gaming android one has camera issues as it has only a 5mp camera moto g and men have a slo-mo feature which makes it more creative android one has 1700mah battery whereas moto g and men has got a 2070mah massive battery android one has only 2 sensory and moto g and men has 4 sensory motorola's built quality is great motorola's built pp called 'motorola assist features a helping hand wherever you are.moto g and men has a inch os display which is great for gaming android one has camera issues as it has only a 5mp camera moto g and men have a slo-mo feature which makes it more creative android one has 1700mah battery whereas moto g and men has got a 2070mah massive battery android one has only 2 sensory and moto g and men has 4 sensory motorola's built quality is great motorola's built pp called 'motorola assist features a helping hand wherever you are.
i can use me buy for my friends and he go he call his camera was go n also pp go support with out hang n also gorilla glass.
battery back is average camera quality is good but features missing.
video player and games not installed in this phone the hole thing you dont invest ask to this phone.
i have 3 around me my families 1 they do not transfer photos and video using the usb cable 2 they have a software to try to solve the problem (kyies) which does not work and os my unite with less than 5 months using decided that it would not take charge anymore.i have 3 around me my families 1 they do not transfer photos and video using the usb cable 2 they have a software to try to solve the problem (kyies) which does not work and os my unite with less than 5 months using decided that it would not take charge anymore.
very good definition good camera better voice quality than old phone.
