but remember that its suffer memory is pretty low so dont expect to resume game if you are multi taking.
it is best option in price range bow 10 k to 15 k in similar range etc 616 is closer but etc 616 has 4 os of internal memory while moto os has 16 os internal memory.it is best option in price range bow 10 k to 15 k in similar range etc 616 is closer but etc 616 has 4 os of internal memory while moto os has 16 os internal memory.
only issue i have seen is with my piece its not directing memory cards which is very crucial.
like total ram shows 850mb and total internal memory is just 12.1 gb.
conclusion:- > 12 os unable memory as internal so for game loving people they should worry about their os cards.
must recommendation for motor and men i like their camera processor screen betray internal memory expendable memory.must recommendation for motor and men i like their camera processor screen betray internal memory expendable memory.
but it compensated this by its high speed interface and memory .
well if you dont need to install too many apes and think 8 go internal memory is enough for you this phone is a good option.
upgradable to android l and lollipop when available.
it provides fabulous user experience with great memory capacity enhance-able with os memory and offers dual-sim feature which is a reason to be delighted.it provides fabulous user experience with great memory capacity enhance-able with os memory and offers dual-sim feature which is a reason to be delighted.
the feature of expandable memory has made it almost perfect.
it provides fabulous user experience with great memory capacity enhance-able with os memory and offers dual-sim feature which is a reason to be delighted.it provides fabulous user experience with great memory capacity enhance-able with os memory and offers dual-sim feature which is a reason to be delighted.
but remember that its suffer memory is pretty low so dont expect to resume game if you are multi taking.
as u all know upgradable up to next os.
i installed memory hunger games but no lag in performance and faced no heating problem like other honest.
best mobile os low price, features are good, inbuilt memory superb, support os games also,only one problem cannot transfer data from memory card os moblie.best mobile os low price, features are good, inbuilt memory superb, support os games also,only one problem cannot transfer data from memory card os moblie.
i am really loving my new moto g. i used to have a samson galaxy fame and the change was wow!i complete the memory with a 16gb sd card.the only thing that dont like is it doesn have a music player only the goose play music and i miss that from my samsung.
handling 32gb memory card glass 10) smoothly 4.
os dual him sloth and very big addition of this phone is its memory hard expansion sloth which is like a boon to these category of models of phone with premium grands.
only thing i will recommend for new buyers os do not update to 5.0 lollipop because of lollipops memory bug.
to met me tell u the internal memory(12.2gb).
memory-this is where it kills everybody 16gb of storage with expandable storage of 32gb and an org feature is a super memory u can carry around anywhere.
