the phone is fast and responsive.
good speed no lag sons 1.good speed no lag sons 1.
the processor never buckles and gives full support with so many parallel running apply.
awesome mobile with lot of features and of course with stunning speed and cool looks.i am sure this smartphone is capable to beat any mid-range smartphones.got this mobile from market giant flipkart and believe me guns flipkart has awesome service whether it is channel delivery or its customer service.flipkart never compromise with quality.
about speed of using .( is like running in river u can get as speed as u can do ) i m not impressed by speed animated opening takes lot of time after some use ( nearly 15 days).( is like running in river u can get as speed as u can do ) i m not impressed by speed animated opening takes lot of time after some use ( nearly 15 days).
i purchased this mobile around 3 months back but lost it and purchased again when there if offer of rs.2000 via pp but the experience of new mobile is very bad the mobile gets hang a all the times and also heavy applications do not run or get closed in between.
connect to the interest quickly and i can get my max speed from my isp on it (50/5).
comes pre-installed - had core speed.
house minimumbrightnesss/auto brightness screen timeout 15sec/30sec performance of phone is lag free and very fast.
to internet speed.
to lag in any kind of application or games os os or g both runs fast sons well not really for me but a bit of battery issue for those who are very army or social media suffer.
well bought for my little his in exchange of carbon a51, she felt happy for this phone but she was disappointed that there was no data cable with in the box and overall the phone is good and responsive and good interface and above that she loves it and mostly the andriod lollipop is also fast than ever before and it is really user friendly and the conclusion she loves it.
to lag swim gameplay.
os everything is exceptional in this phone including camera processor speed.os everything is exceptional in this phone including camera processor speed.
i had never ever seen really the speed will superb onee!!!!.
gros premium look -5" os display dual speakers are loud n clear -8mp camera takes amazing pictures when hdr mode is on os day battery back on g network - fast started and shutdown - to lag - smooth user interface voice grip and easy to hold bones - earphone quality is not good - only him 1 slot support os network.
the owned a blu life lay os after about a year its starting to freeze up so i decided to go with a more reputable company like motorola.
looks great very responsive touch screen.
god speed.
were both on repaid plans and we get great connection speed for our needs.
to lag while playing games and os video.
it this price range moto gives his best and i am very satisfied this its processor they give me all features what i want in a mobile camera is good front camera is also good touch is nice and smooth dual speakers works perfect battery back is good built quality is superb.
- good form factor - adequate weight as per the size - very responsive touch-screen - lovely camera primary and secondary and led flash - didn't feel any pitch using 1gb ram for normal work not included any games - 16gb internal memory - inclusion of expandable micro os sloth.
the processor is an improved version compared to the previous version it comes with a snapdragon 400 chisel and a quand core 1.2 ghz.the phone does not lag playing the games like shalt os head trigger nova 3 etc.
to internet speed.
great processor.
os unable to access ratification war on top of screen os display at the bottom really responsive .
os 1.2 ghz quand core processor is a mighty beast can run multiple apes without any last.
great processor.
last processor excellent wife conductivity good battery back up camera clarity and video graphics is just superb never hangs.
came with mitka had lot of battery issue update to lollipop 5.2 now bath issue gone but lot for one hang due to lollipop.
mobile overall is excellent in all matters happy to buy go for it screen is excellent camera superb sound quality good ram speed good yet no lag from 4 months.mobile overall is excellent in all matters happy to buy go for it screen is excellent camera superb sound quality good ram speed good yet no lag from 4 months.
writing this review after using it for around a month now gros simple lag free ui will get ota lolipop soon way better than asus zenfone great voice clarity awesome dual speakers up front premium build with nice rubberised finish at the back wonderful camera front and back battery is good enough depends on your usage does get me through the day on mixed usage sons symmetric design makes it difficult to predict if you are holding it upside down os verdict to for it i bet you wont regret !.
-1080p video are also playing without any lag on this phone,internet is fast and wife working perfectly.
speed 3.
does not hang.
am get low at time when u use facebook and other heavy apes games run smooth but lag is seen sometime.
processor is same as moto os so if you have used moto g before then u can skin to next point.processor is smooth and dint lag a bit till now.processor is smooth and dint lag a bit till now.
there no lag when using it for gaming or other applications.
first of all before starting the review let me first congratulate flipkart for their delivery speed got the product in just 1 day os now about the phone.i will say it is the best you can get in the price range ask to 15k.the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .
speed is great without any laws and have played many games on this phone and it handled it without a glitch.
to lag swim gameplay.
excellent piece of performance by the smartphone reviewing the speed of operations throughout the camera quality and the network signals for calling as well as the battery back to run a day functions with an ease.
speed is superb.
liked the phone and its speed .the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
os 1.2 ghz quand core processor is a mighty beast can run multiple apes without any last.
there is problem with calling option.sometimes it will hang an we need to switch of an switch on,,,,,, otherwise prone is god with god camera quality.
the phone is fast and responsive.
it has a great processor cool video and graphics resolution an acceptable memory for saving apply.
the phone arrived neatly packed.the phone has a crisp screen and display is good.the performance is also lag free.the camera gives decent photo.
all pp for a good running & speed is very fast for very time .
vice shone & battery back & no hang problem.good camera quality even in low light.specially.
run totally lag free 4.
moto g wont hang since it has has good ram capacity and also it is upgradable from kitkat to lolipop.
the processor is pretty quick with most everything i have run on the phone has a nice array of features and doesn come reloaded with much bloatware compared to the average phone.
for the price of a moto g second gen there are lots of good phone available and they have much better camera interface but of you want a sick well built lag free phone that wont go slow on you after many upgrade i believe the moto g second gen is good choice.
awesome camera smooth processor , vice touch , awesome sound surrounding , value for money to for it .
mobile looks good os must 1 word its better then htc desire models ranging from ask to ask os gros : camera quality is marvelous , processing speed is good too os rest read other review guys.
i play shalt 8 without much lag [ almost smooth ] in medium graphics .
speed of this phone is good.
fantastic and wonderful in any manner that it.motorola always rocky it is very in sound screen processor speed,everything is fantastic.fantastic and wonderful in any manner that it.motorola always rocky it is very in sound screen processor speed,everything is fantastic.
i bought a moto g and gen in january.it used to hang many a times between twitching applications.and now it has hardware issues service centres for motorola are not at all good in june.
