i love my phone.but a bit disappointed because sometimes my phone shows a black screen that grows a bit and i have to start it to get it to work properly again.
the screen is great once you get used to it it is not too big nor too small.
by mobile screen broken and flipkart replaced it with new one.
cry to switch off captive brightness and mentally increase the brightness a bit so that its visibly clearer.cry to switch off captive brightness and mentally increase the brightness a bit so that its visibly clearer.
by using the same for 2 weeks here is my views right weight feels so due to size smooth touch experience good battery life.
i own a moto g first gen 16gb and i bought this for my dad and he loves the bigger screen size.the camera is a huge improvement over the original moto g and the front facing speakers are also a really nice touch.
due to having bigger screen i expected this from the battery as u know guns 5.
his phone is just brilliant.as we already know that its a budget phone with some nice speck but my phone is having one severe problem for which i am suffering till date that sometime my phone touch goes responsive and after a report it starts operating normally.
after 6 months the remained half of the screen darker.
------------------ gros * display brightness and color reproduction.
problem with touch (lagging) door battery backup.
his phone is best at 13000 rupees.its touch is very fast.
micromax is fast in processing screen is big everything is gud.but in moto g .motorola has copied all the features of micromax.but it is slow in processing,,,screen os inch is false as 1 inch completely wasted because left , centre and right key is on screen only wasting the size of screen.i felt created by motorola.guys dont go for moto g.instaed of that to for micromax u will get more features in less price.motorola has copied all the features of micromax.but it is slow in processing,,,screen os inch is false as 1 inch completely wasted because left , centre and right key is on screen only wasting the size of screen.i felt created by motorola.guys dont go for moto g.instaed of that to for micromax u will get more features in less price.
screen is not great as in resolution if watched for long it strains your eyes.
was hardware samsung and now using os until now.from today i am going to switch to motorola.i planning to but this from long time finally got it i gifted to this my had and he was delighted and loved it from the first touch on it.pros- price,no one can ever give this kind of piece with this price in this globe 720p os screen extended memory sloth master cpu had core qualcomm- android 4.4.4-.was hardware samsung and now using os until now.from today i am going to switch to motorola.i planning to but this from long time finally got it i gifted to this my had and he was delighted and loved it from the first touch on it.pros- price,no one can ever give this kind of piece with this price in this globe 720p os screen extended memory sloth master cpu had core qualcomm- android 4.4.4-.smooth back to holding plastic back but smooth touch rubber kind i think 8 os cam- os radio optioncons-little weight-non removable battery.
problems running super heavy graphics intensive games like shadowgun.
the screen size which is bigger from the previous version is a perfect one for any view of applications or checking the mails or even browsing through home in mobile.
i bought the phone because my galaxy s screen cracked.also it would have been nice if it came with a multicolored ratification led os the os screen is sharp at normal viewing distance.i was honestly worried about whether i wouldn like the downgrade from a 440ppi screen to a 300ppi screen.i was honestly worried about whether i wouldn like the downgrade from a 440ppi screen to a 300ppi screen.him happy to say that anything more than 300ppi is unnecessary as you wont be able to tell the difference 99% of the time and unless you hold a 440ppi screen right next to it.the only problem with the screen is that its not as nice as an amoled display.although i appreciate the brightness of the lcd panel i hate using it in bed due to the poor viewing angles.although i appreciate the brightness of the lcd panel i hate using it in bed due to the poor viewing angles.gilt the phone too much and you start seeing the glow from the backlight emanating from the screen.
now onto the problems of the phone it was a completely dysfunctional piece which was taken to the service center for the st time because the screen was completely irresponsible - that did the service center do they said its a software issue could be fixed and returned the phone to me in a couple of days.that same day the problem persist i take it again to the service center(this time they say the screen might need to be changed 6.of it was the mother board issue and the screen issue and the software issue well that pretty much sums up the whole damn phone now doesn the.
prone budget phone camera quality good sound good touch good cost battery charging speed very very slow laws in lollipop handgrip not convenient.
awsome.phone, good features ny camera good sound battery cup needs to be improved smooth touch headphones not that good ny for gazing videos,etc.
the fifty option to have screen wake for general modifications and ratification shippers on the lock screen.the fifty option to have screen wake for general modifications and ratification shippers on the lock screen.
brought os 1 year before mobile os good still working , but when i was received os the there os some scratches os screen , os guys os alert .
having decent resolution for given screen games and other apes are really smooth in comparison with my previous phone.
moto g and men perfectly fits in hand and the back cover gives good grip i have run high end graphics games and everything was smooth without any lags.camera is good but the auto focus is a bit late,battery life is also a bit unsatisfactory.
equipped it with lip cover screen guards.i thought os it is a little fall worried about the scratch and took the phone but surprisingly the phone top screen cracked how fragile os is!!!.
it hanged a lot and i was very unhappy with the touch sensitivity .
i prefer the home button and the back and menu not in the screen.
it also looks good camera is nice screen size is perfect.
limb beautiful nice screen and a very fast processor.
gros : good looking nice touch sensitivity picture quality good light weight sons : os android it at has bug that shortcuts of pp gets automatically disappear from desktop older os when you talk to some one the other person listen very low voice of your.
touch would not work sometimes.
the touch sensitivity is very poor and many a times stops working completely and you have to report the phone to get back to normal 2.the dual speakers heat up a lot and you canst touch the earpiece(one of the speakers after playing music out loud for more than 15-20 minutes 4.
size weight screen quality camera both main and front and battery backup, everything is perfect.
the thing that i dont liked was the screen was not showing battery percentage on top .
best phone with os screen size i bought it for my friend he is vary happy with this.
i ordered this phone on 20 th october and i got i on 27 this phone has good graphics and stunning voice quality with a vivid camera pictures and no lagging performance and with amazing display and a elegant body os i am totally happy with this phone and its features os it is worth it.
i initially put a pin to lock my phone but every time i entered the pin to unlocked the screen would blink for a second and return to being locked.i decided to remove the pin and leave a wipe to clock screen.
for egg if you want to call a contact then click on the name and nothing will happen for the next 3-4 seconds then the dealer screen will appear and the call will get connected.
screen is fabulous,very recent great resolution you can easily see it in sunlight.performance is very good,very smooth graphics are also good.battery takes a 4 hour to full charge and only runs 6-8 his and if u are using the g network then it runs only 5-6 hrs.but if you dont use your phone continuously then battery is not a major problem to you there one another problem is its heat, sometimes you even cannot touch it to your ears.
advantages great display smooth touch screen with morning gorilla glass 3 well designed its having external card slot stock andros phone will get new updated by android good built quality great camera had about phone speaker on front that might irritate low ram.advantages great display smooth touch screen with morning gorilla glass 3 well designed its having external card slot stock andros phone will get new updated by android good built quality great camera had about phone speaker on front that might irritate low ram.
smooth operation strong processor plenty ram gorgeous screen and plenty storage for those apply.
good mobile but touch os the problem os the mobile camera os good.
this one i gift to my father.he liked it very much.big screen best mobile.
gros moto go os display if you like a bigger one timely andros upgrade trusted brand expandable only unto 32gb gros of red os 4.7" screen ( this is the best optimized size better camera quality this has more clear image than moto g better resolution can record video at resolution 1080 which is not the case with moto g better battery backup, since it has 4.7' screen and both the batteries are almost same.gros moto go os display if you like a bigger one timely andros upgrade trusted brand expandable only unto 32gb gros of red os 4.7" screen ( this is the best optimized size better camera quality this has more clear image than moto g better resolution can record video at resolution 1080 which is not the case with moto g better battery backup, since it has 4.7' screen and both the batteries are almost same.
of you are running on budget close your eyes and buy this phone and you will never be disappointed except for large screen.
west of the features as camera touch feel experience.
good afternoon the team arrived apparently all right but i just 1 month in and went out and simply not turn this off the screen is black and does nothing .
screen blackest was happening every now and then and i had to get it rectified.
- screen size inch os screen.- screen size inch os screen.sons - screen resolution display appearance is not so good as st men moto os - icon size is big which looks odd.
its best touch is amazing all features are of high quality and amazing for os 13000 we can get any other phone of this quality that too with moto grand wow to u think we can get more value for our money than this common folks!!!!.
touch is wonderful north in prices battery performance seems good as at least as of now in full 3g/h+ it is giving battery back more than 12 hours and in wi-fi it is even more.
the inch screen is also really great.
hd display is very nice excellent touch screen cons: 1.hd display is very nice excellent touch screen cons: 1.
recent hardware vice screen.
when flipkart guns comes to pick my old mobile then its saying they canst accept mobile if its screen is damaged.
motorola has increased the screen size but not the battery capacity due to which it doesn lasts even a day with normal use.
screen stopped working properly with no crack or anything outside.there was no physical damage on the screen.
my screen damaged in a small drop from just 3 feet.
the example of a good picture was i took a snap of my lawton screen and each and every word of the mail open on the screen was easily and clearly viewable.the example of a good picture was i took a snap of my lawton screen and each and every word of the mail open on the screen was easily and clearly viewable.its also hardy providing a gorilla glass screen which protects you from basic scratches.i have dropped my phone already two times and its safe till now os however its good to a have a screen guard and back cover for safety 9/10 gros 1.
later sharp pictures with battery touch feeling and mammoth internal memory.
screen resolution is crisp & clear.
should be fixed soon though.the screen is still crisp but its ips display does not perform as well in bright outdoor light.the body is not much bigger than the screen and like its moto family sports a curved backing to fit perfectly in your palm.there is no issue with gaming or multitasking.
when i put charger on my phone touch screen not working and it report again and again and front camera not working.when i put charger on my phone touch screen not working and it report again and again and front camera not working.
good performance good battery lockup , smooth touch .
i have ordered 2 zenfone, which were defeated at delivery and a moto g and men it was used phone as dust in screen.
camera 4.5star both front and back battery 4 star user interface 4.5 star screen 4 star u will get more in rs:-12999.
nice product it is with gorilla glass so no need to screen protecter.but.
the touch is fantastic colors are crisp no lag in playing mid level games camera pictures has some noise in low light photography and battery drain will be fast for hardware user.
not up to mark battery problems touch screen probe overall did not meet my expectation as others say.not up to mark battery problems touch screen probe overall did not meet my expectation as others say.
pros: the screen size is a plus.touch is great.
it is a fantastic phone with right sized screen for me.the only minor issue is that i didn find a way to stop all apes running in one touch.
after a week usage found that average screen time phone usage time is 5 hours and 30 minutes only which is really terrible.to not buy cheap tempered glass because it will affect touch sensitivity.
i m writing hear complaint kindly get in touch so that i can rectify my hands.
of i would use any type of screengaurd my touch screen would start to act funny.of i would use any type of screengaurd my touch screen would start to act funny.but the screen turned yellow and the buttons went inside the body.
please dont buy moto g2.i'm using malo go since 3week,it is heating like a often rock while playing games and using internet,both screen and back.flipkart didn take any action about my return request.
i was happy with the initial touch & feel.
i know that there are a ton of other great features about this phone but i love the gps the best.the screen is nice and big but its not too big.the screen is crisp and clear and it totally blows away the screens of other budget honest.
for egg if you want to call a contact then click on the name and nothing will happen for the next 3-4 seconds then the dealer screen will appear and the call will get connected.
his shone is really vice and the 5 inch screen is awesome not to big or to small.i tried a 6 inch screen from another manufacture and it was like talking on a tablet,,.
coming to some noticeable disadvantages os the battery is not removable which makes it a problem to have a visit to service center if some problem occurs os the battery back of d phone on standby is great up in that but then if u use it for hardware gaming with wifi/mobile data continuous usage u wont b happy then os him a average user - os usage stats are mostly - iii on whole time for what pp instagram, facebook & decent gaming - his usage provides me around 10-11 hours of battery back with screen on-time usage of around 4 his min or 5 hours which is no doubt great thing when u use net dont expect battery to b great.
features very good battery no need to twice a day excellent camera(with good room quality excellent touch network coverage is good also round quality sterno sound in speaker and much more.
very good phone like its performance delivery was also quick by flipkart, sound and touch is amazing.
the morning gorilla glass 3 protected touch responsive display enables you to make transitions between screens edit photos or access apes at the expense of crisp touches.
excellent product for its screen size sleekness.
battery life touch works fine i would have given this phone 5 stars if it had 2gb ram and if it supported 4g.
was fully satisfied with the product but after 3 days it started showing touch problems touch was not working properly.was fully satisfied with the product but after 3 days it started showing touch problems touch was not working properly.it was okay for 2 weeks and now the touch is completely not working.
but this also came to end when it dropped off my hand and suffered a lot of scratches on the corners of the screen.
battery capacity logical for dual him and big screen to be least 3500mah feels very good to hold in hand the 5 inch motor.
must say its totally value for money.the screen touch seems to be better,great on performance,2nd men g feels lighter on weight,slimmer design and has a smooth user interface.its good that the and men moto g has a micro os slot option included which was missing out in the older g.overall the device feels premium and the price point for a 16gb variant is a take away.must say its totally value for money.the screen touch seems to be better,great on performance,2nd men g feels lighter on weight,slimmer design and has a smooth user interface.its good that the and men moto g has a micro os slot option included which was missing out in the older g.overall the device feels premium and the price point for a 16gb variant is a take away.
the build quality of the phone is sturdy and fits perfectly in hand didn face any issues with the display or screen quality it works as expected.
resolution camera clarity sterno speakers os large screen he video capturing secondary cam.,expandable unto 32 by built 16 by really the exceptional phone in exceptional price.
os screen offers a great viewing experience colors are bright and brightness is very good.os screen offers a great viewing experience colors are bright and brightness is very good.buttons : his time buttons have a soft touch feel to it.
by first moto g 2 had a problem with touch sensitivity but flipkart was tremendous in their cooperation and response os they promptly replaced it.
problem with touch (lagging) door battery backup.
pp works fast and touch is very good.
i got defective piece of moto the touch of the phone suddenly stops working at many times and the speakers of the phone are too bad not able to hear clear voice at full volume.
had a battery issue and not a best gaming phone and it always gets hanged when the internal storage reaches b and main problem is "cast screen".i could not connect my sonya brain with my phone so the screen mirroring option is also not working.i updated to lollipop and still there is no change.better not to buy this phone.
vice screen and pretty good auditor.
overall look 9 white is better processor os graphics os am os battery os company updation os ear phone quality os mobile speaker and out put to headphones os value for money 9 these review based on personal usage since 10 months.
probably the best deal for the price - 5 inch screen with nice resolution and 8mp camera.
