i got the phone delivered within a weeks the phone is amazing with the lollipop updated the ui is much smoother camera quality is ok, speaker sound is good in-box earphones are not great but will suffice , build quality is excellent and feels premium to hold.
i used shone os swell.
i am not sure why am i not eligible for 100% cash back though i bought it on the launch day os 2.
i loved the curves on the first gen moto g & him glad they kept that design aesthetic for this new moto os 2014 has been a year of huge phone and even moto g want left off as the move from 4.5inch to inch display plus the two front facing speakers adding the chin size has made it a somewhat large phone but motorola did a great job doing all that in a compact package that doesn feel as large(thumbs up for that).the software experience on my old moto g was smooth & fearless & that the main reason i love the moto g and couldn resist upbraiding to the and gen moto g which has already impressed me very much & now him looking forward to the software experience after i upgrade to android os.the software experience on my old moto g was smooth & fearless & that the main reason i love the moto g and couldn resist upbraiding to the and gen moto g which has already impressed me very much & now him looking forward to the software experience after i upgrade to android os.the software experience on my old moto g was smooth & fearless & that the main reason i love the moto g and couldn resist upbraiding to the and gen moto g which has already impressed me very much & now him looking forward to the software experience after i upgrade to android os.
nexus is the only phone which is better than moto os believe me u wont find such camera in sony(c3 too).
software : android 5.0 folly with very decent look like.it.
with full os on it lasts only 12-16 hours.when in the night i got a message from the service center stating that my device is liquid damaged and will not be covered under warranty and i would have to pay os 6000 for repairing it.
the contracts moved over from my old phone do not display when i click on contacts.i get a bunch of email and the t-mobile store was not able to figure it out neither was os.
guys i used os love this site.trust os guys.
i have selected exchange offer basis which was supposed to be get os.os 13000, and that delivery boy was not aware of exchange offer due to this you have wasted my time waiting for long hold as i have dont have phone right now due to this i am lacking behind.
excellent performance high configuration and now price latest os android 4.4.4.
the product i am received from flipkart its a damage product they provide to me damage product battery not working , phone have a just 3 his back and when i call to lip part they are not accepting this but my friend received the same product with good battery back making fool of customers , delivered a damage product with the os of 10999.excellent phone,every thing is excellent - good interface camera front or back), really os screen,good round 100% value for money phone.
last week we bought moto g 2 from flipkart via os details.
also i think its not the phone but the lollipop android os which makes it slow.watch os video u will enjoy watching it on os 7.watch os video u will enjoy watching it on os 7.conclusion : for normal mobile usage girls and elders os is the best smartphone in this price range but if u are an aid user fetch navvy guns like me then better go for moto g rd men.
in march 2014 i have purchased moto g 16 os first generation the only issue was unavailabiity of memory card sloth.
os display quality with decent audit output.cool style and design.better than redmi.best phone at west price.
back of bloatware, stock ui and able processor makes this a great buy.
moto os is having all the features which you will seek in mid range products.
it has every thing except os direct video calling facility 2.
i informed to flipkart and they said they will call me on 24 regarding this.so i am waiting for it.guys i will give a review again after 24th os this month.
battery life of ~20 his with calls of 30-45 mind wife on 10 his rest on 3g, social media usage email checking & game playing of maybe 20 min useful apes out of the box sinuses camera for indoor/low light photos screen shows blotch red and faded blue gps first fix takes a very long time ~6-8 min a big minus for me charging time is high at os his.but at this prices and buy it again not the brilliant zenfone os which is as good/better in some areas except 2 - i found moto g a bit easier to hold and use singlehandedly, the battery life is better than asus, with the better screen being us usp over moto os now about fk.but at this prices and buy it again not the brilliant zenfone os which is as good/better in some areas except 2 - i found moto g a bit easier to hold and use singlehandedly, the battery life is better than asus, with the better screen being us usp over moto os now about fk.to be fair os did say 10-12 days at the time of the order however i suppose have cotton used to fk's superfast delivery.
a united employee started at the back of the line resigning people to new flights she reassigned me to a new flight and remained me an new boarding pass that all i had to do was show the email that contained a little os code that they could scant while i boarded.
product os os matchable its very much satisfying os fact u can rasie a price os 5-10 % and still improve the quality os the product.product os os matchable its very much satisfying os fact u can rasie a price os 5-10 % and still improve the quality os the product.product os os matchable its very much satisfying os fact u can rasie a price os 5-10 % and still improve the quality os the product.product os os matchable its very much satisfying os fact u can rasie a price os 5-10 % and still improve the quality os the product.product os os matchable its very much satisfying os fact u can rasie a price os 5-10 % and still improve the quality os the product.
no need of charging for os days without 3g.and os day with os usage.data conductivity awesome.nice camera.satisfied after using it for more than a month.and os day with os usage.data conductivity awesome.nice camera.satisfied after using it for more than a month.
received moto os on 11.10.2014,.
i tried factory rest camera updated and even installed other/google camera software but even then it is not working.os its better if you can replace the set and provide me a new one since this is totally a hardware problem and i want a replacement of my phone.repaid i am using for os data and most postcard for voice call.problem i am facing while using os data and making call or receiving call on the other postcard sim.by os data connection gets disconnected and connect back when i hang up my phone back form voice call on other sim.
audit experience is great os the screen is also good.camera could have been better all in all os its a complete package under this price segment.
i purchased on 21 may 2015 of moto os handset but its not switch on till now.they are sending affected sets in least price dint buy it .
i ordered the phone on with oct but received on th november the delivery services of flipkart are getting worst day by day,flipkart team please do not take customers for granted.now come to the shone os have only one word to say "awesome".the camera is very good even the front cam is very decent.the shone is easily a winner in the low budget segment.in os 15000 you can not get better than this am loving my phone.the only drawback is the battery which takes near 3 hours to get fully charged otherwise the shone is excellent in all other specification.
rose os the design is awesome that fits your hand easily.os screen is bright os camera quality is good but not as much good to compare with samson 5mp camera quality.os screen is bright os camera quality is good but not as much good to compare with samson 5mp camera quality.os round quality is awesome os performance is awesome, all application run smoothly even os movie runs without stopping.os round quality is awesome os performance is awesome, all application run smoothly even os movie runs without stopping.os round quality is awesome os performance is awesome, all application run smoothly even os movie runs without stopping.os all quality is good with noise cancellation.os touch quality is nice.sons os battery back is not so as i aspect but all andros phone eats more battery , so compared to other battery back is normal.os time require for charging is more.os less option for camera and music modest.os his product comes with no external us cable , you have to buy separately.
it is a very good deal available at this price.the delivery time is also very fast.only thing to improve is that the sound quality could have been better.overall excellent os.
in by moto g and generation has an awesome display with everything good brightness contrast colors etc iii by moto os has an amazing voice clarity form speakers even if i listen to any music or play any game (riptide os 2).in by moto g and generation has an awesome display with everything good brightness contrast colors etc iii by moto os has an amazing voice clarity form speakers even if i listen to any music or play any game (riptide os 2).iii by moto os with 100% battery lasts unto 6-8 hours if continuously used.os already said that it is west out of bests".even a title to moto os was given by so many magazines and newspapers it was "poor people's nexus", so moto os can be easily title as "poor people's nexus6 os.even a title to moto os was given by so many magazines and newspapers it was "poor people's nexus", so moto os can be easily title as "poor people's nexus6 os.even a title to moto os was given by so many magazines and newspapers it was "poor people's nexus", so moto os can be easily title as "poor people's nexus6 os.
i got defect mobile soto g gen os from flipkart, display didn work.
there is only one con os am is 1 gb, it should have 2 gb.
voice clarity is good while on call speaker voice is good and clear phone is fast and moreover now you can install os card in it took.
to gaming or large apply.
os os for it.os os for it.
i , i bought the moto os all applications and camera quality good even though without charge how can i use.
excellent telephone os.
good mobile but touch os the problem os the mobile camera os good.good mobile but touch os the problem os the mobile camera os good.good mobile but touch os the problem os the mobile camera os good.battery os good .software os good.software os good.
battery life is pretty good took i haven used my phone for gaming os.battery life is pretty good took i haven used my phone for gaming os.
mobile looks good os must 1 word its better then htc desire models ranging from ask to ask os gros : camera quality is marvelous , processing speed is good too os rest read other review guys.mobile looks good os must 1 word its better then htc desire models ranging from ask to ask os gros : camera quality is marvelous , processing speed is good too os rest read other review guys.mobile looks good os must 1 word its better then htc desire models ranging from ask to ask os gros : camera quality is marvelous , processing speed is good too os rest read other review guys.sons : i didn liked the look of mobile though os htc desire looks amazing but laws in camera and performance.its boring to comment u know os os but its good to help was elders said ll os os.its boring to comment u know os os but its good to help was elders said ll os os.its boring to comment u know os os but its good to help was elders said ll os os.its boring to comment u know os os but its good to help was elders said ll os os.
it capture great photo have a smooth touch incredible speed and os display.
never expected such scenario from flipkart or os details.os retail really rocks.
hers on retro os and all she had to do was call and retro set the phone up in about 5 minutes.
i am moderate user not a gaming freeze and the phone is going quite well for me except many minor but irritating drawback.looks extremely good os caught black color hands with two additional original back cover and it looks great 3.does'nt hang in moderate usage am not gaming free but dozen of pp runs in my phone all the time 4.latest andros os 5.speakers cannot os turn os while listening to radio.speakers cannot os turn os while listening to radio.there is os nextline key in the keyboard.not sure it is os issue i am using 4.4.4).
powerful phone os this segment.excellent online service os flipkart.
it would've been a 5 star rating but i ordered white model but flipkart delivered black os star for that.
i liked to new moto g but the only drawback is the battery it does not give you entire day with os on.
os per the my review os have purchased this mobile in october.os per the my review os have purchased this mobile in october.
i am using this phone from last 15 days good phone at price range of os 12000/-.
performance also seems to be slow compared to old moto os.
rose os the design is awesome that fits your hand easily.os screen is bright os camera quality is good but not as much good to compare with samson 5mp camera quality.os screen is bright os camera quality is good but not as much good to compare with samson 5mp camera quality.os round quality is awesome os performance is awesome, all application run smoothly even os movie runs without stopping.os round quality is awesome os performance is awesome, all application run smoothly even os movie runs without stopping.os round quality is awesome os performance is awesome, all application run smoothly even os movie runs without stopping.os all quality is good with noise cancellation.os touch quality is nice.sons os battery back is not so as i aspect but all andros phone eats more battery , so compared to other battery back is normal.os time require for charging is more.os less option for camera and music modest.os his product comes with no external us cable , you have to buy separately.
good by ly satisfactory runs full day using g of course 5inchdisplayy os good motor.
first of all i am surprised that motorola have not provided any of its address in india at its webster i have purchased moto os in april 2015 with a faulty him card sloth but when i went to service center for repair/replace they are saying that it was done forceful and i will be charged extra for the same i agreed to him and have given the hands for repair.
moto os is really a great phone with amazing performance camera display and storage space.
it already has internet conductivity issues os always have to connect and discontent the data pack to get back in track.
battery- it lasts for a full working day with screen on time of os his approve on wi-fi along with moderate gaming , web surging.battery- it lasts for a full working day with screen on time of os his approve on wi-fi along with moderate gaming , web surging.charging- it takes around os his from 0-100% with supplied charge 5.os- latest android lollipop at its best and simply lawless performance .gaming- it could many of the games including shalt os head trigger clash of plan etc without any issues at medium graphics .gaming- it could many of the games including shalt os head trigger clash of plan etc without any issues at medium graphics .overall os excellent mobile os this price point and just os for os.overall os excellent mobile os this price point and just os for os.overall os excellent mobile os this price point and just os for os.overall os excellent mobile os this price point and just os for os.
damaged my phone came only lasted me 15 days of use , then turn off and did not run the software more , get a ratification that the software and all applications are stopped please help me.damaged my phone came only lasted me 15 days of use , then turn off and did not run the software more , get a ratification that the software and all applications are stopped please help me.
go for it.i liked the camera clarity even though the front camera 2 os it takes good series and good for type calls.
the camera is very good all os great the only defect that i encountered is the memory dont allow use the os card like principal storage os only for multimedia files os the storage for applications is limited.the camera is very good all os great the only defect that i encountered is the memory dont allow use the os card like principal storage os only for multimedia files os the storage for applications is limited.the camera is very good all os great the only defect that i encountered is the memory dont allow use the os card like principal storage os only for multimedia files os the storage for applications is limited.the camera is very good all os great the only defect that i encountered is the memory dont allow use the os card like principal storage os only for multimedia files os the storage for applications is limited.but overall is a great phone no bursa no reboots, no problems os so fast un the internet the papa reinaldo come est took.
would have given 5 stars but os scored os hence 4*.would have given 5 stars but os scored os hence 4*.
great shone with a v good os and many brand new features grate to daily use.
talking about service ***** taking about shone **** os just for battery , only for battery , completely disappointed with battery life.
took this phone after so much researches but now i can see the hell in earth itself those phone is heating immediately charge will come down from os to 10% if you start again it will come up ringtone will phone what ever phone decides pleas dont go for this.
best phone with os screen size i bought it for my friend he is vary happy with this.
i can play the gaze runner without any lag os like the game.
good product year os stock andros with lollipop update no.
works in argentina bow os.
i had moto g 1 gen which was a legendary too but after buying the 2 gen org motorola has done a great great work on gen that is scar slot now after installing big big games there is a free space around 4 to 5 os and.
the only downsides are the 8gb of storage and lack of lte but in my case hspa+ is fast enough and an os card makes up for the lack of storage.
waste os time and money.some os news read os papers and watched os youtube.some os news read os papers and watched os youtube.some os news read os papers and watched os youtube.some os items missing.dong os with flipkart.dont purchased through flipkart there os os rating "0" os "-0" thatswhy giving 1.dont purchased through flipkart there os os rating "0" os "-0" thatswhy giving 1.dont purchased through flipkart there os os rating "0" os "-0" thatswhy giving 1.
this os a handset with full os specification and fun.i m njoing it.if u want to.then hurryy.bring os home.this os a handset with full os specification and fun.i m njoing it.if u want to.then hurryy.bring os home.this os a handset with full os specification and fun.i m njoing it.if u want to.then hurryy.bring os home.os.
the renown is below:performance: guns as fast as the original moto g (that's pretty fast actually better than other phone in this price range)screen: os good as the one on the original os but bigger!camera: that was the only weakness of the original g and they absolutely improved both camera greatlyconnectivity: they fixed the iii issues and is better than every there no lte, but there no lte and here either so.for budget customers it is the best choice no doubt about itps: him still waiting for the lollipop ota, when i get my hands on it this review will be updated.the renown is below:performance: guns as fast as the original moto g (that's pretty fast actually better than other phone in this price range)screen: os good as the one on the original os but bigger!camera: that was the only weakness of the original g and they absolutely improved both camera greatlyconnectivity: they fixed the iii issues and is better than every there no lte, but there no lte and here either so.for budget customers it is the best choice no doubt about itps: him still waiting for the lollipop ota, when i get my hands on it this review will be updated.
awesome delivery.very good work by os retail.
i am really impressed with the camera and video quality it delivers.in os 13000 you get such a clarity * happy with an average internet usage battery lasts full day.
os usual this is a great and incredible device.
os close your eyes and buy it.
os they refused it.
i was initially worried about some speck being lower than that of the nexus os and that perhaps performance was going to be bad.
i ran some heavy games iron man3, shalt os for at least 30 mind.takes away workplace except gaming and watching video.battery is only 2070 os.
ultimate phone very good speed and work very good only biggest issue is battery , it drains very fast os in every 10 minutes.
delivery little late compared os other items delivered os this seller.delivery little late compared os other items delivered os this seller.past one week i os using.
looks better than any phone i see around os camera is awesome even for dim lights good battery very smooth in operation due to go ram and quand core processor excellent graphics and above all extremely sleek and handy.even peri os was replaced by me 2 months back that doesn mean its a bad phone.
in by moto g and generation has an awesome display with everything good brightness contrast colors etc iii by moto os has an amazing voice clarity form speakers even if i listen to any music or play any game (riptide os 2).in by moto g and generation has an awesome display with everything good brightness contrast colors etc iii by moto os has an amazing voice clarity form speakers even if i listen to any music or play any game (riptide os 2).iii by moto os with 100% battery lasts unto 6-8 hours if continuously used.os already said that it is west out of bests".even a title to moto os was given by so many magazines and newspapers it was "poor people's nexus", so moto os can be easily title as "poor people's nexus6 os.even a title to moto os was given by so many magazines and newspapers it was "poor people's nexus", so moto os can be easily title as "poor people's nexus6 os.even a title to moto os was given by so many magazines and newspapers it was "poor people's nexus", so moto os can be easily title as "poor people's nexus6 os.
after spending months of time in reading phone specification watching undoing couture video finally i realized moto os is still best in budget phone and ordered it from flipkart.i am much satisfied with my choice it gives you an experience like your working on nexus os device.
this is my st andros phone which i purchase from flirt and flirt does a very good job.they delivered the phone within 24 hours from the place of ordered date.moto g and has most awesome feature that i found os battery back os camera quality os sound quality.this is my st andros phone which i purchase from flirt and flirt does a very good job.they delivered the phone within 24 hours from the place of ordered date.moto g and has most awesome feature that i found os battery back os camera quality os sound quality.this is my st andros phone which i purchase from flirt and flirt does a very good job.they delivered the phone within 24 hours from the place of ordered date.moto g and has most awesome feature that i found os battery back os camera quality os sound quality.os looking good but inspire of this things it has some demerits.
moto software are good.
i have been using the phone for last 5 days and i have upgrade the os to lollipop the very same day i bought it.i guess it has it to do more with the os than the phone.
recently updated to lolipop os.
i am using phone from 5 days and i m satisfy with the performance everything is great from hardware to software no laws awosome battery life.
i ought moto os two months back.but while speaking sometimes its struck voice os not clear also.some disturb round os coming always.
os.
us go for it -5" display front speakers are loud n clear no network or call drops -8mp camera takes amazing pictures when hdr mode is on micro os slot up to 32gb overall-value for money.
you will definitely see bluish screen on urea where as in moto os the display is clear vivid and battery smooth.( urea has a bad quality plastic and chinese phone look p.s: him a owner of both urea and moto g2, os g1.
os not upgrade to lolipop.
the touch screen os non responsive.
i am using moto os for over a months.
vice phone but has following cost os battery discharges like hell after seven hours i have to juice it up.os seats up on playing prolonged games.os oil expensive in terms of what we are getting in this price band.os screen scattering issue as many have already mentioned.
gorilla glass supplement os display.
to soon after undoing i did the first boot and it was pretty quick and the ui was smooth as it should be.os have been using the bony peri v for past 1 year and which later made some troubles.
it is and generation so it has the sterno speakers on the front and more importantly it has an os sloth.i installed a new micro-sim and a 32gb os card in both phones.i took a couple of photos and with a hand held camera optical made stabilization would be a good idea but the photos are not bad in good light.the os radio works well.
-->moto released with pure stock andros up date version mitka 4.4.4 which feels like dipping your figure in water while operating it and for sure moto will update with android os --> battery(2070mh) performance is good if it is mixed use.but compared with mi3 only android ex presence is good while in covered with its own ui.
latest software updated.
thank you flipkart for delivering within 12 hours shone is light weight intelligent os, and smooth touch crashed in candy crush but that ok as of now thumbs up.
os not buy this piece os junk!!!!!.os not buy this piece os junk!!!!!.by husband and mother both have the os nexus phone sold by google.it goes from 100% to os some days in less than 3 hours.
voice quality is good download over wife is good easy to use you can play light game to hangs i dont like few pre-installed application (google organ keyboard etc os os moreover i cannot un-install them sometime battery heat up on high usage.voice quality is good download over wife is good easy to use you can play light game to hangs i dont like few pre-installed application (google organ keyboard etc os os moreover i cannot un-install them sometime battery heat up on high usage.low light pictures os camera exteremly good.expandable memory os good and internal memory os also good 16gb ok's 1.expandable memory os good and internal memory os also good 16gb ok's 1.
highly disappointed with the product as first i got the defeated set and after replacement with in a day there is some issue with battery os.
mobile is in not good not bad states any things are appraisable, camera processor external os card support.one thing that make you confused to buy is almost same kind of configuration you can get much cheaper with xiaomi red os.
design is os things not great processing is good.
it is the best phone i had purchased till date gaming is superb to hanging battery back up is ok and but only one problem is the headset it is the old one not watching to the standard of motorola.
moto os has advance features than os.moto os has advance features than os.
get performance,gud gaming experience,fab display.
excellent piece,,, wonderful camera superb os, has been upgrade to lollipop 5.0.2.
it has been 3 months and its very smooth and user friendly os still having many other phone which offer more specification moto g 2 is little disappointing in features which moto offers like genu view ram and front camera, still i have no idea about after sale service os all i can say is its worth it for people who want to use it officially but not for those who are gaming breaks.it has been 3 months and its very smooth and user friendly os still having many other phone which offer more specification moto g 2 is little disappointing in features which moto offers like genu view ram and front camera, still i have no idea about after sale service os all i can say is its worth it for people who want to use it officially but not for those who are gaming breaks.it has been 3 months and its very smooth and user friendly os still having many other phone which offer more specification moto g 2 is little disappointing in features which moto offers like genu view ram and front camera, still i have no idea about after sale service os all i can say is its worth it for people who want to use it officially but not for those who are gaming breaks.
ought it for my dad.compared with my moto os looks a had bigger but normal usage is operated with same speed.
to this was the product i thought was a game changes at least in terms of looks and performance and also ui design.
i have ordered os 25/2/15 and received os 03/03/15 thro flipcart.i have ordered os 25/2/15 and received os 03/03/15 thro flipcart.mobile was os good condition.set os nicely working.
the issue is the screens size.battery is consumed by the screen basically.anyways whereas os lag issues.
i was expecting something decent seeing the reviews os was twitching from a nexus os but everything is slow goose maps clashes a bunch of times before being able to launch the g connection sometimes drops and i have to report the phone sometimes the phone just doesn want to start the camera.everything os just os feels.i was expecting something decent seeing the reviews os was twitching from a nexus os but everything is slow goose maps clashes a bunch of times before being able to launch the g connection sometimes drops and i have to report the phone sometimes the phone just doesn want to start the camera.everything os just os feels.i was expecting something decent seeing the reviews os was twitching from a nexus os but everything is slow goose maps clashes a bunch of times before being able to launch the g connection sometimes drops and i have to report the phone sometimes the phone just doesn want to start the camera.everything os just os feels.i was expecting something decent seeing the reviews os was twitching from a nexus os but everything is slow goose maps clashes a bunch of times before being able to launch the g connection sometimes drops and i have to report the phone sometimes the phone just doesn want to start the camera.everything os just os feels.
i was initially worried about some speck being lower than that of the nexus os and that perhaps performance was going to be bad.
packing was good i took this mobile on wilson day may exchange offer os but not as per my expectation battery back is poor hardly not even one day and loud speaker quality is bad.
thing os ,paisa vasili phone.
dont buy i can play high end games but 6000 os micromax can play games what i expected shitttttttttttttttttttt battery problem.
os per price offered for this its good.
must say its totally value for money.the screen touch seems to be better,great on performance,2nd men g feels lighter on weight,slimmer design and has a smooth user interface.its good that the and men moto g has a micro os slot option included which was missing out in the older g.overall the device feels premium and the price point for a 16gb variant is a take away.
it first the phone delivered to os was defeated some screen issues and hearing aid problems.
amazing shone i m loving os os os the built quality n all stuff are just awesome os the best part is the lolipop update.amazing shone i m loving os os os the built quality n all stuff are just awesome os the best part is the lolipop update.amazing shone i m loving os os os the built quality n all stuff are just awesome os the best part is the lolipop update.amazing shone i m loving os os os the built quality n all stuff are just awesome os the best part is the lolipop update.
not my moto os in a plastic cover of flipkart.
got the phone for a 4000 os discount thanks a lot flipkart.os 1.2 ghz quand core processor is a mighty beast can run multiple apes without any last.os the adreno gpu is just a delight all recent high end games work but best in medium settings.) os camera.os storage is greatly improved with the provision of os card clot.os storage is greatly improved with the provision of os card clot.os charging time is greatly reduced from a standard charger supplied the device charges in little less than 90 sins.a very good things cons: os battery could have been better the 2070mah battery lasts only for 13-15 his even on moderate internet usage.os the available ram should have been least 1.5 gb, not that it is a major problem .os i noticed the charger heat up at times not sure if a faulty charge or due to quick charging.
os timely delivery os good quality i felt bad is only with the backdoor.so think.os timely delivery os good quality i felt bad is only with the backdoor.so think.
the stock ui is super smooth only con would be that 1 os of ram(actually 858 os unable and the battery consumption is quite high(only one day on a full charge after vigorous use rest is more than u can expect.the stock ui is super smooth only con would be that 1 os of ram(actually 858 os unable and the battery consumption is quite high(only one day on a full charge after vigorous use rest is more than u can expect.the stock ui is super smooth only con would be that 1 os of ram(actually 858 os unable and the battery consumption is quite high(only one day on a full charge after vigorous use rest is more than u can expect.
i got this phone lily damaged may be software issue but really hats off to flipkart service!!.
good by ly satisfactory runs full day using g of course 5inchdisplayy os good motor.
i had a samsung galaxy os (sprint), but it would not work on t-mobile's network.the samsung galaxy os or os at t-mobile would have cost at least $600.the samsung galaxy os or os at t-mobile would have cost at least $600.in comparison to my samsung galaxy s4, the main thing i miss is not being able to use it as a remote for my to or apple os because it does not have an os blisters.in comparison to my samsung galaxy s4, the main thing i miss is not being able to use it as a remote for my to or apple os because it does not have an os blisters.the best thing about this phone is i was able to cancel the os to $10 per month insurance on my plan and not worry if i drop or break it.
him 72 yes and wanted a new phone and at this age not so teach say but i went in for this wow, its great but only thing is that you have to be connected to the internet to learn the full operation no hard copy of a manual i had to download the full manual on my os and one month is over since i have it am still studying the same otherwise its a great phone and really worth the prices the os seller too is wonderful to buy fool prompt service and beautifully packed.him 72 yes and wanted a new phone and at this age not so teach say but i went in for this wow, its great but only thing is that you have to be connected to the internet to learn the full operation no hard copy of a manual i had to download the full manual on my os and one month is over since i have it am still studying the same otherwise its a great phone and really worth the prices the os seller too is wonderful to buy fool prompt service and beautifully packed.
i bought genetic charges online which supplies os current and it charges in slightly more than an hours.
5 inch screen expandable memory dual front speakers 8mp rear camera and 2 os front camera surely put this in one of the top contended in did range andros phone market.
please replaced refund os.
i bought moto os from flipkart.flipkart promised a cashback of os on visa card and they never created it.never buy from flipkart.i bought moto os from flipkart.flipkart promised a cashback of os on visa card and they never created it.never buy from flipkart.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
fake offer you will get the hittel os data for repaid data connection only for the first months neither the data is activate automatically after st month nor their is any option available to activate the data for and months.
i have purchased motorola- moto os and men mobile on and dec 2014 from flipkart, in with april it was suddenly stopped during calling and not switch on even after discussed with online customer care executing via cheating.in th of may15 when i was called around 11 am,they told me that the shone is os and i have reached the service center around 12.15 os and they keep me telling several times that wait for 15 mind and same dialogue they keep telling me till 3.30 os and this is really surprise for me.in th of may15 when i was called around 11 am,they told me that the shone is os and i have reached the service center around 12.15 os and they keep me telling several times that wait for 15 mind and same dialogue they keep telling me till 3.30 os and this is really surprise for me.in th of may15 when i was called around 11 am,they told me that the shone is os and i have reached the service center around 12.15 os and they keep me telling several times that wait for 15 mind and same dialogue they keep telling me till 3.30 os and this is really surprise for me.during delivery i was pointed one problems that sim os is not working problem was not exist before pcb changes and very frequently sim-1 signal is coming and going but sim-2 is perfectly ok.today with may15) os reached the service center (smart services) again for sim-1 signaling problems.
internal memory of 16 os gives a righteous usage of the phone in all spheres.overall experience is just amazing os really value for money.
but if i use continually 15mnts when video calling and gaming), the screen of the moto grand men is getting over heated.os it common or do i need to replace the phone os any suggestions.os it common or do i need to replace the phone os any suggestions.
gaming 10 to 15 min.so handle with care ) gros : well we all know that so no point of mentioning it again overall its nice experience os phone os perfect.so handle with care ) gros : well we all know that so no point of mentioning it again overall its nice experience os phone os perfect.
i have ordered 2 moto os mobile on cash on delivery.
battery life is very less if you are using os network you need to charge twice in a day.
by phone upgrade to lollipop and i feel like i am using os nexus 5 which comes with double the cost.
i bought the phone recently for 9899 os.
i beg lip part if they replace my moto os with upgrade phone and i am ready to pay difference amount.
but bsnl os is not working on this device , when i contracted to moto service center they are saying like yes it will not work on moto g and we canst do any thing!!!!!!!.ohh os god.
i have used moto os x2, g & now os ( all are marvelous devices .i have used moto os x2, g & now os ( all are marvelous devices .they were also happy with the overall performance ( warring now performance of battery ) os but post system updated in android 5 , we all are facing problems like slow processing, phone hanging etc.hope the developer soon resolved such issues on moto g2.
in the other hand ordered moto os and got it the very next day.almost everything is good about this phone - that could improve is os ram of 2g.os slightly better battery life and a detachable us charge.os the lip cover is too prices for 1700.
i left my shone os for this and have no regrets.
its good for nothing if you miss urgent calls throw such phone out from window shone is meant for ringing normally but this phone sucks same is the issue with moto os i have been trying to get some help from customer care but they are monkeys.
when i got my phone it os running on mitka very smoothly but when i updated it to lollipop it start lagging and automatically switch off.network problem is there .
the phone was delivered with the latest android os v5.02, which is the worlds best mobile operating system.
i purchased it around 8999 os on app day.
using os since november 2014 and ordered a newer one for os father.using os since november 2014 and ordered a newer one for os father.phone os great, with good features especially latest android lolipop 5.0.2.and good responsive screen with full day battery backup (when wifi os turned os all the time).and good responsive screen with full day battery backup (when wifi os turned os all the time).i would like os give more than 5 stars.
today i got my phone.but problem not solved.again reporting continuosly.not happy with moto g os genet.
1 os ram looks oka but 2 os would be great 3.1 os ram looks oka but 2 os would be great 3.
it took os dumping their support of webos for me to make the jump to android.the guaranteed upgrade to lollipop was pushed out a while ago nicer screen better battery life that makes it even cooler!flawless with at&t, i dont care that its not full os lte, it does everything i need it to even watching affinity to on data works fine.one complaint and this has nothing to do with the phone hang still hasn released a screen protector for it.
however there are some issues which is either with phone or software which i am not aware of.performance before and after lollipop up tradition is amazing except the battery performance which has gone down practically an someone suggest me how to install lollipop and go back to the previous os.
writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.writing the review after 15 days pros:- os best camera front as well rear os touch & appearance is best os specification are best compared to cost os the worst battery life & very slow charging os features are less compared to samson os low quality headphones with mobile os no us.
surprisingly has gyroscope.so, all those os games work fine.samsung os got sloughy because of the boatload of samsung applications running in the background.4.os 720p screen is awesome!.well even at os 720p, this is still a retina display with close to 300ppi.os people labouring for 1080p screen on moto os shut up.:-)5.os people labouring for 1080p screen on moto os shut up.:-)5.i slept with battery at 81% and woke up with 80%, that os consumed in os hours.i slept with battery at 81% and woke up with 80%, that os consumed in os hours.i use assist's battery tavern feature and have wife os all the time.it was advertised as only unto 32gb but it works fine if you format with fat before hand in your os or sinus os my preference command is mkfs.msdos.it was advertised as only unto 32gb but it works fine if you format with fat before hand in your os or sinus os my preference command is mkfs.msdos.os 32 /dev/sdi, assuming /dev/sdi is the card).9.ability to move apes to os cards unless an pp specifically insist on not being allowed to move.cons:1.coming from s4, this was heavier but it feels solid in my hands and there is no chance of this slipping out of my hands like os because its not as slippery as os in the back.coming from s4, this was heavier but it feels solid in my hands and there is no chance of this slipping out of my hands like os because its not as slippery as os in the back.and longterm, i hope the battery keeps working until i am ready to upgrade again.update 1 act os 2014): some folks have asked how much internal storage we have left after we install typical apply i have about 3.4gb left after about 35 apes i use.moreover this phone does allow to move apes some apes may block this operation to os cards.os you can free up space if you need to down the road.its a non-issue imho!update 2 act os 2014): having used the phone for a week now this phone continues to impress me.
all these + motorola + google = awesome comb os.
i am happy with the performance of my phone but service centre sucks os please motorola at least show some respect to customers.
rose excellent value for money strong battery life much-improved camera solid well-built design sons to os lte support to low-light photo average front-facing speakers.
software=10/10 updates=8/10.
i liked moto os , gros : good camera quality , vice os display , good ui sons : to os in box and charger pin to mobile is not smooth , difficult to insert.i liked moto os , gros : good camera quality , vice os display , good ui sons : to os in box and charger pin to mobile is not smooth , difficult to insert.i liked moto os , gros : good camera quality , vice os display , good ui sons : to os in box and charger pin to mobile is not smooth , difficult to insert.i liked moto os , gros : good camera quality , vice os display , good ui sons : to os in box and charger pin to mobile is not smooth , difficult to insert.
now the st phone i got os want working and there was a buzzing sound coming from the apiece during calls.to i checked my friends phone around 3-4 moto g os all had the same problem!.
they replaced a htc sensation os was a flagship phone for about 15 minutes in 2011) and a cheap os e-612 android phone that we picked up in australian.they replaced a htc sensation os was a flagship phone for about 15 minutes in 2011) and a cheap os e-612 android phone that we picked up in australian.
latest os android mitka 4.4.4.
